and i'm still waiting on my card?
what if my card still isn't arriving after 2 weeks?
im waiting over a week...is this card still coming?????
Can i track my card while it is in the process of delivery?
How do I know if I'll get my card or if it's lost?
when did you send me my new card?
do u have info about the card on delivery?
What if I still haven't received my new card?
does the package w my card have tracking?
I ordered my card and it still isnt here
why has my new card still not come?
2 weeks later, i still havent gotten my card is it lost?
Can u track my card for me?
Is there a way to check delivery of my card?
its been a week since i ordered my card, it is not here, please help?
Will I be able to track the card that was sent to me?
I don't have my card in 1 week, should I be worried?
how do i know when my new card is going to arrive?
My new card i have not been delivered to my house yet what's up?
its been a week since you issued me a card and i still didn't get it.should i keep waiting?
on the card that is coming what's tracking info?
what are the latest reports on my card delivery?
have you sent my card out yet?
my card isn't here yet.
where is my new card?
It has been a week since you sent me my card, I still don't have it.
How do I track the card you sent me?
When will I get my new card?
When will I get my new card?
What's the expected delivery date for my card?
u sent me a card but is there a tracking number or something?
i want to track the card you sent me.
i have my card lost in delivery?
my new card hasnt come in.
Where's the card I ordered 2 weeks ago?
can i get an update on my replacement card?
how long does it take for new cards to ship?
whats the tracking of the card you sent?
i havent get my card, and i'm worried that it's lost.
But my card still hasn't arrived
I need to find out where the card I ordered is.
where is my credit card that was to be mailed?
I ordered my card but it has not been delivered yet
Can I track the card that just arrived?
I haven't got my new card yet, can you help me?
I'm still waiting for my new card
is my card lost...im still waiting for delivery
should i keep waiting for my card to arrive?
can i track when my card will be delivered?
How to check my new card status?
A card has been sent, how do I track it?
how do i get my card faster?
What can I do to track the card that you sent me?
why hasnt my card come in yet?
How can i keep track of the card u sent?
my new card is not comin yet whats the reason?
How long does it take to get my new card?
After 1 week I dont have my card what should I do?
i know i'm getting a new card but want to know when i can expect to receive it.
I WANT TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENED TO MY NEW CARD?
Was there a way for me to track that?
I still waiting for my card
my card hasn't arrived yet.
Can i track the card you sent me?
I haven't got my card yet.
how long should it take for my new card to come in mail what should i do if i never get it?
Will I have to wait much longer for my new card to arrive?
how to track the card that you sent
I ordered my new card 2 weeks ago and it's not here, what should I do?
How do I check the delivery status of my card?
I haven't had my card delivered yet, and its been a week since I ordered one, help
what's the expected wait time to get my new card?
how can i see the progress of delivery of the card that was sent?
my card was supposed to come but hasn't?
i ordered a card and i want to know how to track its delivery
How long will it take for me to get my card?
My card isn't there yet
Does the card you sent have a tracking number?
My card hasn't arrived in mail yet....I ordered it 2 weeks ago.. what can I do.
but max how many days get the courier?
why hasnt my new card been delivered yet???
I ve been waiting for awhile is there a way to know when my card is coming out?
How do i track my card's delivery?
Can i track the card that was just sent to me?
if i ordered my new card last week, how much longer should i wait?
What's going on, where is my new card?
where is my new card if I haven't received it yet?
Where's my card?
y r i not got my new card
Can i track my card?
can i track the new card u sent me?
i r still waiting on my card.
What do I need to do to get my new card which I have requested 2 weeks ago?
WHAT IS THE SOLUTION TO THIS PROBLEM
Could I get tracking on the card?
can you help me track my card?
Shouldn't my new card be here by now?
y is there any reason my new card hasnt arrived?
I want to track a card sent to me, how do i do that?
Is there a tracking number for the card?
Can you share a card tracking number??
i havent get my card and it's been a week what do i do?
So can I check on the card when going to me?
when will my new card come in?
Why havent I got my new card yet?
what is the expected delivery date for my card.
My card hasn't came in the mail yet?
I haven't received my card yet
Can i track which card got me?
what is the delivery date for my new card?
I got a card about a week ago and i hadn't it come in yet.
i ordered my card 2 weeks ago and i want to know where it is.
I still havent got my card in the mail.
I still waiting for my card that was issued a week ago what should i do?
I still haven't gotten my new card when will it get here??
do u have a tracking number on my card?
how do i find the card u sent?
is my new bank card on the way or is there some way to track it?
Could you send me and up date on the arrival of my card?
how long does it take me to get my new card?
My card hasn't arrived in the mail yet.
whats the card you sent me the tracking number?
i haven't got my card yet
why hasn't my card arrived yet?
i thought i would've got my new card now
how long until my new card gets here?
how long til i get my new card?
Can i follow a card already sent?
is it possible to track the card you sent me?
and how long will it take for these new cards to arrive?
how can I track the card you sent.
can the card that was sent to me be tracked?
why i havent got my new card?
I need to track the card sent to me.
its been 2 weeks and i havent gotten my card what should i do?
I was expecting my new card by now.
where is the tracking number for the card?
I got a new card last week and still haven't got it, how long will it be until I get it?
can i track the card that u sent me in the mail?
can you tell me if I can track the card you sent me?
Why haven't I got my new card?
I'm still waiting for my new card to arrive
my new card is not here, it was issued a week ago.
i was supposed to get my new card by now but it hasn't come in.
Does anyone have a tracking number for the card that's just sent?
Why haven't I got my new card?
was there a number to track that I could get?
How long is gonna it take me to get my new card?
i haven't got my credit card in the mail yet.
my card hasnt arrived yet what do I do
my card still hasn't arrived after 2 weeks.. now what?
My card appears to have never arrived?
My card never arrived.
my card has been found is there any way for me to put it back into the app..?
I found my card, how do I put it into my app?
how can i get my card to show up on the app?
i just got my card, but it's not linked yet...how do i do that?
lost card found, want to put it back in app.
i just got a card, how can i add it to the app?
is there any way to see my card in the app?
what do I do if i lose a card do i have to dispose of it or can i reactivate the card and
and I found my card...how do i put it in my app?
how do i make my card show in the app?
can you show me where to link the new card?
I found my old card... can I link it back into the app??
show me how to link the new card
how do i add an existing card to the app?
I finally got my card, now I want to link it.... is that something you have to do or can I do that?
How do I link one of your cards that I already have?
If I have a physical card can I link it?
I found my lost card in my jacket pocket this morning, reactivate it please
Can I add a card I just found again to the app?
how can i make my card show up in the app?
I want to reactivate my card, it was reported lost but I found it this morning
OK I found my card can I put it back in the app?
can i reactivate a card?
i would like to reactivate a card and wondered if that can be done?
I got my card now, how do I make it show up in the app?
How do I link an existing card?
How do I link a new card in the app.
i thought it was lost but that card was just in my jacket can i get it back since i found it this morning
i already have a card...and want to link it
Can you please reactivate my card?
Where do i go to add a new card?
i have a card that i just got, how do i get that card to show up in the app?
I got my card how do i get it to show in the app?
if i have a credit card with u how get i set up to link to it?
how do i add my new card?
I wanna reactivate my card.I thought I lost it but found it again this morning.
I need a card reactivation I had my card lost and ran across it in my jacket...
My card's not lost....how do i get it back into the app?
i wanna reactivate my card, I thought I had lost it but found it again in my jacket.
May I reactivate my card? I previously reported it lost, but have now found it safe and sound.
How do I reactivate a card that I thought I lost?
help me figure out how to link the new card
i found my lost card am i still able to use it?
will i need a new card or can i put my old card back into the app?
is there a way to link the card i just got?
how do i add a new card?
i want to reactivate my card, i found it after thinking it was lost.
Can I put my old card back in the app?
i got a new card how do i link it?
I found my card this morning....can I activate it.
How do i link a new card?
how do i get the card linked
I have one of your cards and I don't know how to link it
how do i link an old card?
i got my card and how do i get it to the app.
I have my card, how do I get it to the app?
How do I put the card I just got on the app?
i wanna reactivate my card i thought i had lost it but i found it
what do i do to link my new card for my account?
Can I add a card to it back in the app?
i want to link my new card.can you help?
what is the process on how to link a new card?
I found my card am I able to put it back into the app?
found my lost or stolen card... would i still have to activate the new card that got in the mail to get my account?
where can i link new card?
how do i add a card on to the app?
I found my card in my jacket this morning so can I reactivate it?
i have the card, how do i enable it on the app?
I need to find the card I got in the app.
How do i get my card on the app?
How can I make the app show the new card that arrived?
How do I link my new card?
Can I activate a card in the app?
i want to link to my card card with you how?
i want to link my card to my account
I thought I lost my card so I cancelled it, but found it in my jacket recently and I would like to get it back.
how can I link the new card?
i got a new card, and can't find where to link it.
Hey i got my card, how do i get it to show up on the app?
where in the app do I go to make my new card show up?
where do I scan my card?
Can I reactivate my card? I reported it lost and found it this morning in my jacket.
can i link my card i already received?
I want to reactivate my card.I thought I lost it but I found it again in my jacket this morning
i had my card reactivated i was thinking it was misplaced but woke up and found out i had left it in
You sent me a card and now I want to link it.
how do i add my new card to the app?
Can I add a card back to the app?
what if i want to add a card that i have already to the app?
i just found a card I just reported as missing, and can i still use it?
Can i reactivate my card please. I couldn't find it but it turned out it was in my jacket pocket
or is there a way to link a card if i have one of you?
Can I relink my card if it was lost or stolen?
How do I link a new card to an existing card?
how do i link a new payment card?
i'd like to put it back on and I found that card this morning
card received, how'll it show up on the app?
can i relink a lost card with the app?
what do i do to link my new card?
can u link a new card?
i deactivated my card but am looking to reactivate it
i have my card found but i thought i lost it so i need to get it back on my hands please help
can i link a card of yours that i already have?
can I put the found card back in the app on my phone?
My card arrived and I need to make it work in the app, how do I do that?
I found the card that I thought I lost, and I would like to reactivate it.
i found my card again,can i put it back in the app?
i need some help linking my new card
I'm trying to link my card.
how do i link my card in the app.
how do i get my card into the app?
I found my card can i link it back into the app?
how do i reactivate my card?
Where do i get my new card linked?
i thought i lost my card but i found it today so i would like to reactivate it
How do I link the new card that I just got from you guys?
How can I add a new card?
Can you tell me how to get my card on the app?
is it possible to reactivate the card I thought I lost but found this morning in my jacket?
How do I make my card appear on the app?
how do i link the new card?
where in the app do i link a new card?
how do i put my card in the app once i get it?
can i link your physical card
how do i activate and link my new card?
i got a card, how do i get it in app?
WHERE IS MY NEW CARD IN THE APP?
I found my card, how can I use it again?
I just got a new card, where do I go to link it to my account?
found card how to put it back in app
How do I see my card on the app?
The card i thought i lost was in my jacket pocket this morning, can i reactivate that?
I don't see my card anywhere in the app.
I got my card how do i get it to work in the app?
What do I do if I already had a card with you guys?
if i found a lost card can i put it back in app
I have a deactivated card can I reactivate it??
my new card is not in my app, how do i get it in there?
Help me get the card I already got, so I can get this info out of it
..what is my money worth in other countries?
will my money be worth the same when i travel abroad?
do you know the exchange rate?
what foreign exchange rate will i get on weekdays and on weekends?
what the exchange look like?
the exchange rate how is it doing?
i want to know the exchange rate when transferring money.
I would like to know what exchange rates do u use?
if i need to cash foreign transfers, how does that work?
do u know what your exchange rates are?
how do i know what exchange rate i will get?
what are u exchange rates??
do u have the best exchange rate?
where can i find your exchange rates?
where ur exchange rates come from?
i need to know what your exchange rates are.
What is the process for exchanges?
what do you think of the exchange rate?
how are the exchange rates at this bank?
how do u get the exchange rate for the card?
What's the exchange rate I will get?
i need to know what foreign exchange rate can i get.
what are the exchange rate now?
What exchange rate will I receive?
what's the basis of your exchange rates?
how about the exchange rate?
How do you tell your exchange rate?
how do the foreign exchange rates work?
where are you getting your exchange rates from?
How is the exchange rate calculated?
Just want to know what your exchange rates are
How do you decide the exchange rate?
whats the exchange rate right now?
what's the formula for your exchange rate??
how do u calculate the CHANGE?
what are interbanks exchange rates?
where are you coming from with your exchange rates?
how do u find the exchange rates?
why are your rates so different on different days?
how do i get the exchange rate for my transfer?
where can i get your exchange rates from?
how do you find the exchange rate?
How are exchange rates determined?
what can i get for my currency?
please explain how ur exchange rate is set.
what do u get your exchange rates from?
but whats an exchange rate?
what is your opinion on the exchange rate?
What are the exchange rates you assign?
how do u determin ur exchange rates?
and how do you calculate your exchange rates?
how is an exchange rate calculated?
but when you exchange how much are the rates?
whats the price of the euro?
how can i find your exchange rates?
I'd like to know your exchange rate.
is there an exchange rate?
how does the exchange rate work?
whats the current exchange rate?
How are foreign exchange rates determined?
how's the exchange rate looking right now?
Please tell me the exchange rates
what is the foreign exchange rate u will use?
explain interbank exchange rate
What will my exchange rate be?
how do you get exchange rates.
what exchange rate do you use?
how do i know the exchange rate?
and what factors affect the exchange rate?
where does the exchange rate stand right now?
I'd like to know the foreign exchange rate
does the exchange rate change???
how do your exchange rates factor in?
will i know which rate i'll get?
how do i know the exchange rate when making an exchange
And is the exchange rate the same on weekends as on weekdays?
so how you do exchanges?
What do you make up your exchange rates?
how do you get your exchange rate?
What factors determine your exchange rate?
how do you determine the exchange rate
i wana know ur exchange rates.
Is the exchange rate current?
what are the exchange rates.
when oh how much is the exchange rate.
how do you decide what your exchange rates are?
where is it coming from?
Is there a specific source that the exchange rate for the transfer I'm planning on making is pulled from?
how do you get exchange rates for transfers?
how can i know how much money i will have when i go abroad?
How do u do currency exchanges?
what is your exchange rate base?
How did you guys get your exchange rate?
Can you tell me what are your exchange rates?
can you tell me what are your exchange rates?
Does this app have the same exchange rate as third parties?
What are your exchange rate at?
How is the exchange rate now?
What's the system for calculating the exchange rate?
Im doing some travel and I was wondering what you exchange rates are
how can i tell what foreign exchange rate i will get?
tell me your opinion on the exchange rate
I'd like to know what you guys look at to decide an exchange rate
how does the exchange rate work on this app?
Where do you find your exchange rates?
I want to know your exchange rates
what is the exchange rate?
Whats the source of your exchange rates?
i need to know about exchange rates
where do u get those exchange rates?
how do you tell what's the exchange rate?
what foreign exchange rate will I get?
Last Saturday i got charged extra for the exchange rate on my payment...what is wrong?
Hi, I am sad that we got such a bad exchange rate...can you help me?Can you tell me the real interbank rate?
i think the currency exchange that's applied is wrong.
the exchange rate i was charged for a purchase was not right
Can you please explain why the exchange rate for the item I bought is wrong?
I think something went wrong with my swap between Russian Ruble and UK pounds... i got overcharged during the swap
The exchange rate is wrong.
my exchange rate looks wrong for my last payment
yea the exchange rate you r using is bad.this cant be the official interbank exchange rate.
I had to pay a wing for something
the exchange rate on my payment was wrong
why is the exchange rate bad, couldnt be close to the actual interbank rate
i got an item and they used the wrong exchange rate
was the exchange rate wrong for a thing i bought.
The exchange rate of my payment doesn't look right.
i just saw the exchange rate you use but it's so bad i cant believe it's the official interbank exchange rate???
this exchange rate you use is awful plz tell me this is a mistake and not the official interbank exchange rate
after buying something i noticed the exchange rate was wrong.
the amount of exchange was not right for the item i bought.
the exchange rate from my card payment isn't right.
My exchange rate isn't correct.
why was the exchange rate so wrong when I bought something
My exchange rate was wrong for an Item I bought!
I was making a payment using a foreign currency and they gave me a wrong rate.
The exchange rate for what i bought was wrong
i bought something abroad and the exchange rate went wrong
The exchange rate is incorrect for my payment.
the exchange rate was wrong for the item that i bought.
im on holiday and noticed a different amount for exchange rate, can you explain?
I bought something in another country but the exchange rate is wrong.
i bought it and that exchange rate was wrong.
i get a wrong exchange rate for my card payment
the exchange rate at which my card payment is at is wrong
there was a problem with the exchange rate on a purchase.
I just got something, and it had a bad exchange rate.
What if there is an error on the exchange rate?
i gotta ask, why is my exchange rate wrong?
Please check my payment from last Saturday as I feel I have been overcharged on the exchange rate.  Thank you.
i bought this thing in foreign currency and i think the rate used is wrong
the exchange rate on my purchase is wrong.
and why is your exchange rate so bad?
The exchange rate looks a bit wrong on a holiday deal.
i bought something abroad and the exchange rate that was applied was wrong.
I bought something, and I disagree with the exchange rate.
I think there is a mistake in my exchange rate for this one
You didn't give me the right exchange rate for something I bought
I checked on google and the exchange rate you are using is really bad.Can you update it?
I seem to have been charged to much for my holiday purchases, the exchange rate is wrong.
hmm......in regards to my card payment, the exchange rate is wrong.
I had bought an item and the exchange rate was wrong.
Why did you charge me more for it? It was a foreign currency and you didn't have market rate
i question today's exchange rate for rubles into pounds...I was hoping for a better return.
I feel as though I have been over charged for the exchange rate on my payment on last Saturday.
my currency rate is incorrect
The currency exchange rate was wrong for a purchase I made.
I bought something abroad and the exchange rate was wrong.
your exchange rate was off and i was charged extra on my payment that i made last Saturday.
I was charged the wrong exchange rate on a purchase
i bought it in a different currency, can you change the rate?
The foreign currency exchange I go with is wrong...
after paying for something in another country i saw the currency rate was wrong
My foreign exchange used wrong
Why isn't my purchase exchange rate right?
I noticed that the exchange rate I got for a foreign purchase was wrong.
I purchased something while traveling, and the exchange rate applied was wrong.
why is the exchange rate diffent on my recent purchase?
the fee charged when I changed rubles into british pounds was too much.
I wasn't charged the correct exchange rate for an item I purchased.
does the fee for exchange change?
The rate applied to my purchase in a foreign currency was wrong.
i bought something while travelling, and exchange rate was wrong.
something is wrong with my exchange rate charge
Seems like the exchange rate for my payment last Saturday was wrong. I was charged extra.
I guess something went wrong... I got charged to much for a Russian ruble swap.
I got something and saw the exchange rate was wrong.
the exchange rate was wrong for my international purchase
my card payment went wrong w the exchange rate
they used the wrong rate when I bought with foreign currency
does the exchange rate change each day for purchases?i have a diffrate rate on my purchases...
It seems like the rate I got isn't right
I exchanged russian rubles for British pounds today and got less than I expected....was the exchange rate right?
Was I charged more than I should of been for a currency exchange?
what if the exchange rate for the item i bought overseas was wrong?
my client was to convert their russi rill in to uk pound when they noticed that their bill was a lot to high
i just changed over Russian Ruble to UK pounds and it was too much it seems something was wrong with my exchange.
my last transaction was between uk pounds and rubles
i think there was an error in your exchange rate.
the exchange rate is not right for the stuff i bought.
I noticed an extra charge on the purchase last Saturday on my account.Can you see if I got the right exchange rate?
my exchange seems to have something wrong with it, i changed over russian ruble to uk pounds and it seems I was charged way more
i didnt get the correct exchange rate for something I bought.
I bought something in another currency, but the exchange rate was incorrect.
the exchange rate is wrong from something I got in another country
The exchange rate, after a purchase, was wrong.
My card payment have the wrong exchange rate
i have been charged way to much so something's apparently wrong with my exchange... I changed Russian Ruble into UK pounds...
why is it different compared to expected?
the exchange rate you are using is really bad this cant be the official interbank exchange rate
i paid that last saturday, i think i have been overcharged, check exchange rate.
why was i charged extra for my last uk pound to russ ruble exchange?
I was paying for something at an exchange rate that was wrong...
Why was it the wrong rate when I bought a different currency?
I got some thing and the exchange rate is not right.
I bought a item with the wrong exchange rate in it.
i think the rate that was applied to my purchase using foreign currency is wrong....help
Why was my exchange rate different than usual?
i wanna change a wrong exchange rate.
I recently bought some stuff abroad and the exchange rate is wrong why?
the exchange rate you're using is awful - this can't be the official interbank exchange rate, can it?
but i didn't get the correct amount for the exchange rate...
i guess exchange rate for my payment was not right...i charge extra on the last saturday.
the exchange rate for my payment last saturday must be wrong cuz I was charged extra lol.
are you sure this is the inter bank exchange rate this is really bad.
the exchange rate you use is really bad and this cant possibly be the official interbank exchange rate.
I think you had me paying to much money for my exchange
i changed the currency but why is it costing more?
WHY WAS THE EMCHANGE NOT RIGHT FOR THE THING I PURCHASED?
i made a international purchase but the exchange rate was wrong.
My purchase used the wrong exchange rate
i have been charged to much for the object I bought when abroad, the exchange rate seems to be wrong.
I made a purchase and got charged at the wrong foreign exchange rate.
I think the exchange rate was wrong for the payment made last saturday i got charged extra.
So why is the exchange rate for my payment not correct?
well... your foreign exchange rate is wrong.
Looks like my card payment has the wrong exchange rates
There is an error in the rate charged
I bought it at the wrong exchange rate.
i think the exchange rate on my card payment is wrong.
I got an item and got charged differently.
i am not getting the right exchange rate on my card.
when i bought product in another country the currency exchange was wrong.
and the exchange rate on your app is really bad...i'm considering closing my account because of it
I think I was charged extra on my payment last saturday...maybe the exchange rate was wrong?...I want a refund
I got the wrong exchange rate on something I bought
Are you ripping people off with the exchange rate?  It can't be that atrocious between banks.
I don't think the charges made when i had currency exchanged are right.
why am I charged the wrong currency exchange when i bought something abroad?
The exchange rate for my card payment doesn't seem right.
when i bought something abroad the exchange rate was wrong.
I got the wrong for an item that I purchased.
why is the exchange rate on my card wrong?
I'm getting a wrong amount charged on my card
It is wrong for something I bought in a foreign country.
it seems the exchange rate is wrong for a thing i bought.
my payment had a wrong exchange rate
the exchange rate on my electronic payment is wrong.
Why was I charged such high exchange rate when I bought something abroad
Why didn't I receive the correct exchange rate for a purchase?
why does my card give me a different rate than i expected?
my exchange rate was wrong
i just bought something in foreign currency and i don't know how the exchange rate works.Is it right?
i bought something abroad but the exchange rate is wrong.
a foreign buy i made has the wrong rate applied to it.
when i was traveling abroad, the exchange rate was applied wrong.
There is an error when it comes to exchange rate for an item I bought.
Last Saturday I made a payment and the exchange rate was wrong and I was charged too much.
the exchange rate is bad. are you sure this is the exchange rate?
I bought it and the exchange rate was wrong
The exchange rate on a purchase was wrong
I'm going on a trip soon, and I need to convert my Russian ruble to UK pounds, but when I did your company charged me
i got charged extra.was the exchange rate for my payment last Saturday wrong?
And the exchange rate for an international purchase was wrong.
hey i think the exchange rate was wrong for my card...... can you check the interbank exchange rate for me.
why am I being charged more on exchange with things I bought abroad?
i have been charged more than i should for the presents i bought when abroad, the problem seems to be the exchange rate...
i bought something and the exchange rate is wrong?
why on earth is the exchange rate so bad and can I get a rate closer to the actual interbank rate?
Why do I have to pay an extra?
Why did they charge me an extra $1?
why is there a 1 euro fee on my statement?
Why do I see a £1 extra charge on my statement?
i wanna know if there is a $1 charge on my statement.
what's the $1 transaction on my account?
what is this extra pound charge for??
I was charged $1 in transaction.
why do I pay an extra fee on my statement?
1£ charges on my statement and i havent paid that for anything why on my statement??
i've had a small charge on my account from someone i bought with but not sure what it relates to.
I got a strange £1 transaction on my statement, what is that?
i have no idea why there's a dollar charged to my account
i have been charged a pound for something that appears on my statement.
why is there a 1 charge on my statement
Where did that extra €1 fee on my statement come from?
Why do I have to pay extra £1?
Can you tell me whats the fee on my statement?
why is there another fee on my statement?
There's been a charge waiting on my account but I can't figure it out it's a dollar.
€1 was in my statement as an extra fee
why does it cost more?
Hey, when I bought an app, I got charged extra, is it a hidden fee or something I think is not very cool.
I see a $1 charge in a transaction.
I had to pay a pound more then I anticipated
you get 1 euro extra fee in my statement
My statement contained a 1 pound extra fee
i checked my account today and they charged me an extra pound that i didn't spend.
what is the extra €1 on my statement for??
i see I was charged $1 for a transaction.
a one dollar fee in the transaction.
I just looked at my app and it seems like I was charged extra, why is that?
Why is there pending an extra pound charge?
i was wrongly charged 1 pound
Why is there extra charge?
I just checked my statement and saw a $1 charge... why is it there?
I've never bought anything for 1 pound whats up with the odd 1 pound charge?????
why have I been charged an extra pound??
I think I may have been charged $1 extra on my app.  Could you provide some insight as to why this may have happened?
why do i see an extra €1 charge on my statement?
Is the 1 pound charge I can see an error or an incorrect entry?
and why did i get $1 extra fee on the statement?
why was I charged 1???
why is there service fee on my statement?
I don't remember buying this stuff, but I have a 1£ purchase pending. Let me know
i see the extra 1$ being charged to my account and wanted to know.
why did you charge me extra?
Well, there was an extra pound charged
I got billed an extra pound.
why do i see an extra fee on my statement?
There must have been a mistake...why was I charged an extra pound?
I see my statement with the extra fee for what?
there is an extra small charge on my card what do I do?
I looked at my statement...there is a charge for 1£ that I don't rect... Why is it on there?
I got a €1 extra fee in my statement.
?and whats the extra fee on my statement?
Why have I been charged an extra £1?
I am stating a €1 extra fee.
Why is there a charge for $1 on my account?
On my statement, there is a strange 1£ charge that appears as pending. What's causing that? I haven't purchased anything that's just a pound.
what was the 1 dollar fee i got??
I see a charge of 1L I dont recognize on my statement
I was overcharged one extra pound.
I noticed an extra pound charge?
i have been charged an extra pound
ya why did my statement show 1 on my account?
Why has my card got charged an extra pound?
why does my statement charge extra?
There is a €1 fee on my account.
I was made to pay an extra pound
i was charged an extra pound no reason why is that?
Looks like I've got a fee in my statement
When did I get an extra $1 on my statement?
What is this fee debit on my account?
i was charged extra and would like to know why
what is this extra €1 fee about?
But i was charged a pound over.
Why do i have an extra fee on my statement?
what was the $1 charge on my statement?
I had a dollar charged on my account that's still pending and wanted to know what it is for?
I paid extra or something when I purchased something from you... whats the deal... i did not authorize that charge.
what am I paying an extra pound when I haven't bought anything worth that much
WHY was I charging that little.
do you have this extra fee on your statements also?
why did i get charged 1 pound seemingly randomly?
Why was I charged extra
I am being charged a pound out of nowhere what is this?
pending charge of 1l on my statement please explain as I have not made a purchase for that amount
why did you guys charge me an extra €1?
Why was I charged more than I should have been?
what is the fee on my statement for?
hey, apparently there was a billing mistake on my account. My app was charged 1 more than it should have....please explain why this may
why is there a hold on one pound on my statement?
i need help figuring out what this strange payment is on my account. It's stays pending and won't go away.
Is this a 1.00 charge?
1£ is on my statement what's that?I haven't bought anything for a pound there.
Why did a transaction I made charge me $1?
There seems to be an extra £1 on my statement what's with that?
I still haven't heard why was I charged $1.00?
why does my statement show an extra fee?
theres a fee on my statement what's that?
there is some odd 1£ charge that appears as pending on my statement... what's that about? Pretty sure I haven't purchased anything
there's this pending payment on my account that's weird i don't remember making this and it won't go away can you
why the account i have is charged an extra 1$?
why does my statement have the extra fee?
Can you tell me why i got charged $1 for a transaction?
Why is it an extra 1 euro fee in my statement?
1pn extra on my account I didn't grant, what is that?
what is the dollar I have pending on my statement there
I see an extra $1 charge on my statement, why is this?
if there is an extra €1 fee, plz explain to me
i have a $1 charge in my statement but can u help me out plz
how can i find out about an extra fee on my statement?
Hey i see i got charged an extra $1 on my app why???
In my statement there was an extra €1 fee
is there a reason there is an extra fee on my statement?
what is this extra fee on my statement
What does the 1 € fee mean??
My statement has €1 fee on it, why?
why was it an extra $1
I checked my statement and am being charged one pound. Where did this charge come from?
i dont know how i got charged for 1 transaction
Wanted to know a about pending dollar that is on my statement
pound charge keeps piling up in my account statement...it's listed in app as "pending", it never changes, so now im thinking someone
Why there is a $1 extra charge on my statement??
I got charged an extra pound.
theres a charge for an extra pound.
there is a strange 1£ charge appearing on my statement.whats the cause for that?i haven't purchased anything for a
i need to know what are these extra charges on my statement?
How come there's an extra fee on my statement??
Why do I have to pay 1 dollar extra on my statement?
i checked my statement and saw a charge of 1 pound, where is this charge coming from?
i dont know why there is a 1 euro extra charge in my statement.
why was my app being charged extra?
why was my account assessed a fee?
There is an extra 1£ charge on my app. Why did you charge me extra?
Why am I being charged an extra pound
$1.00 still isn't reverted, as i said in the previous email.
My statement shows an extra 1$ charged to it i would like to know why.
There is an extra $1 charge on my statement, why is that?
Is the 1 pound charge going to be reimbursed on my card?
I see an extra 1£ charge on my app. Why did it charge me extra??
Why is there a fee added to my statement?
why would it be an extra cost on my app?
on my statement and i know there is a charge for 1£ i dont think i bought anything that cost 1£ whats up?
Why does my transaction have an added fee?
the app has an extra 1£ charge, why did it charge me extra??
why does my statement have the additional fee on it?
how come i was charged $1 for this??
Please explain the charge of 1L in error.  I have purchased nothing in this amount.
Where did I get the €1 fee
what is this random charge of 1 pound doing on my account?
I had to pay 1 pound more
I have a statement showing an extra £1 charge and I don't know why why. Is there an explanation for this?
Do I have to pay an extra $1 on the statement?
Why is it showing that my account has been charged a dollar that is showing as pending?
I don't understand why there is 1£ charge on my statement, I don't remember doing this...tell me?
but my statement has an extra fee what is it?
what is this 1 euro charge?
How long will the $1 charge show as pending?
I've been charged an extra £1 and I don't know what it's for
I got charged an extra pound...
i've been charged an extra £1 and i don't know why
my statement said i got charged a dollar but i don't know why.
Why is my statement charged at € 1?????
my statement has an extra fee of 1 €
I don't know why a withdraw that i did for some cash shows up as pending.
why is my cash withdrawal showing as pending?
i got the money already, but it still shows up pending, how can it be still pending?
I tried getting cash out of the ATM, but its taking too long.
why is the cash withdrawal under pending?
what does it mean if my cash withdrawal doesn't show up correctly?
Hi I got a pending transaction due to an ATM machine not working, anyhow if it goes through, after how long can I get my
Why is my ATM withdrawal on hold?
'is the cash withdrawal going to show?'
cash withdrawal has been pending, why is it?
the account looks up as pending, after I get cash from the am, how can this be still pending, i got the cash
how long does it take to verify a cash withdrawal?
The transaction for the cash I pulled out of the ATM earlier is pending in the app, but how if I already have the cash?
why hasn't my withdraw posted?
when i was using one of the atms in the city centre today, i tried to take out some money, but for whatever
why does the cash withdrawal I made show up as pending?
Hello, I looked at my account and see that a transaction I tried to do is pending, but I did not complete that transaction. When I
or should I still be waiting for my cash withdrawal?
hey i tryed to withdraw some money earlier and it is saying it's pending will i be charged for this?
There should be a cash withdrawal that i haven't seen yet.
Why is the app showing a still pending message on a withdrawal that has already been done?
Why is my cash withdrawal still pending?
if my cash withdrawal is not showing yet... is something wrong?
I found out on my online statement that an ATM withdrawal that I made early is still pending. Is this true?
I made a cash withdrawal at a ATM, it still says Pending in my account.
I tried a city centre ATM earlier it refused me my card i see it shows up as pending in my acsy.please
Why hasn't the withdrawal shown on my statement?
I've withdrawn cash from the amt and I see it's pending transation on my account.. why????
i made a cash withdrawal earlier and it's showing as pending. what does that mean?
I tried withdrawing cash at an aft in the city center and the card refused so it was still showing up as pending sp
how long does it take for a cash withdrawal to show?
i tried it earlier but the machine seems to be not working after looking it actually shows to still being process.can u find out whats going
Why is my cash withdrawal pending?
I withdrew cash but it still shows as pending?
Hi, earlier today I tried to take money out of an ATM machine, something wasn't working, I didn't actually receive the money but I
I got some cash in the ATM but its still pending.
So long has gone by that pending status shouldn't be here shouldn't it?
Do you know when the withdrawal will show?
how long will it take me to withdraw my cash?
why am i still waiting for my cash withdrawal?
i just have a withdrawal awaiting to go through
how long does it take for a pending cash withdrawal?
I took out some money from ATM, but its still showing the transaction is pending.
How are cash withdrawals pending?
I went to an atm but the app says the withdrawal is still pending.How is it possible when I already have cash
my cash withdrawal isn't showing on my account.
What does pending mean on cash withdrawals?
im thnking i'll see a cash withdrawal but im still waiting
i go to an azt.got cash.but when i look in the app it says pending withdrawal.what can it be
how long does it take cash withdrawals to hit my account?
Can you explain to me why a cash withdrawal shows up as pending.
the machine didn't work before i went to get money out and now my account says transaction in progress..
I got cash from the ATM earlier and it shows up as pending in the app, how can this still be pending, I already received the cash
i made a deposit in the ATM but it hasn't cleared.
withdrawal pending meaning?
what does it mean when a withdrawal is being planned for?
I tried to get some money but the machine wasn't working.The transaction still seems in progress Can you please check what's going on i
my account says there are pending funds right now from withdrawing from an ATM, but my card was declined and I never took out any money... when
how long b4 i see my withdrawal?
my cash withdrawal shows pending why?
My account says i have money but i withdrew it in cash
how do i get my cash withdrawal to show?
i didnt get my money earlier and it says that the transaction is still going on...can you fix it?
hi, I have a transaction in my account listed as pending.I tried to use an ATM at the city centre, but the machine declined my
how long do we usually take for ATM withdrawal to clear?
a money withdraw is still pending, I think.
i withdrawn cash and dont see it on the balance
, when will my cash withdrawal show?
Hi,I have trouble with my card,I don't understand what's going on.I tried going to the ATM earlier but it wasn'
now looking at my account, i've noticed a charge that appears to be in progress, I had attempted to get money out of the machine
what is a pending cash withdrawal?
when will a cash withdraw show up?
hey, i tryed to withdraw some money from an ATM and the machine broke and says it is still in progress can you check,
my atm withdrawal is taking forever
what does it mean when a cash withdrawal is pending?
how long will my cash withdrawal be pending?
why is my money withdrawal on hold?
Why is the pending status on my cash withdrawal taking so long?
there is a pending transaction on my account for when I tried to get money from the ATM earlier and it did not work. Can you fix this
the cash i got at the ATM is still in my account.
how long until the withdrawal stop pending?
i feel concerned cuz my cash withdrawal is pending
Why am I still waiting for the cash withdrawal?
How long will it take for my cash withdrawal to no longer show as pending?
how long till i see a cash withdrawal?
My cash out is still pending
Why does it still charge me even though i couldn't withdraw money from ATM?
what does it mean if my cash withdrawal is pending
Why is a transaction still pending?
I don't see a recent cash withdrawal on my account.
What does a pending cash withdrawal mean?
i tried to get some withdrawls the machine didnt work the transaction still seems in progress seems like something is wrong, I don't
How long will a cash withdrawal be pending?
If I have done a cash withdrawal already at an ATM is it normal that it shows as apending transaction on the app?
Why does a cash withdrawal show as pending?
Why would a cash withdrawal still be waiting?
explain pending transactions
How is my ATM deposit not available yet?
my cash withdrawal is showing as pending, why?
i withdrew some cash, when is it going to show?
How come my cash withdrawal is still on hold?
I just made a cash out so it's still listed as a pending transaction.
my cash withdrawal is pending why?
hae there i have a transaction in progress even though the ATM wasn't working, what should i do to avoid being charged?
I have been waiting for 3 days, why am i still awaiting my withdrawal?
i removed cash off of an ATM earlier but it shows up as pending in the app. How can this still be pending, I already received
how long will my ATM withdrawal be pending?
or is it that my cash withdrawal still shows as pending?
but it's been days and my cash withdrawal is still pending Why?
My account says a withdrawal is pending tho why cant i take cash from the ATM?
I tried to take out a piece of money from a ATM this morning and it was declined... Lookin at my screen now and there still seems
my cash withdrawal says pending why?
ys my cash still pending, i put my in ATM?
I noticed my ATM withdrawal is still pending in my account
cancel the latest atm charge on my card. my card was declined earlier today and i did not receive that cash.
my withdrawal is pending why
Why does my account show as pending the cash withdrawal from the ATM that I have already made?
I have a cash withdrawal that says it's pending, why?
I took out money at the atm and it is still showing aspending?
Why would a cash withdrawal be pending?
Why is the cash transaction still showing as not completed?
why is my ATM withdrawal still showing as pending?
The cash I deposited using the ATM is still pending
I tried withdrawing money but i couldn't, and it still says pending, will this money disappear???
there is a withdrawal waiting.
my cash withdrawal is still being held
My atm withdrawal is still pending
I DRAW CASH FROM AN ATM AND IT SHINKS UP AS PUT ON IN THE APP... SO HOW CAN
I tried to take some cash out at the ATM and the statement keeps showing that its pending Is the machine broken will I get my money back or
i made a cash withdraw and it shows up aspending... Why is that??
My last ATM request did not go through due to a declined card. Please cancel the request on my account.
What to do if I see a withdrawal is pending?
my balance is not what i thought it was after an ATM withdrawal.
I tempted to get some money out of the machine earlier and it didn't work...Looking now the transaction actually shows to be still in progress
Hello tried to get some out of the atm but it still shows it is pending, i dont wanna be charged for this.
what is it i have to wait before i get cash out on my i bank account
when will I get my money cleared from my ATM?
my card was declined and i didnt get money at the ATM earlier and still its pending
i pulled cash off the amt earlier, why is it still pending if i already got it?
My cash withdrawal hasn't come out yet
I needed cash today, so I used another provider's ATM, and when I attempted to withdraw, it declined. I just checked it out and I'm still showing my account with that amount pending! I didn't take any money out, it was declined, so I don't want that to be processed as a withdrawal.
why has my deposit in the ATM not cleared yet?
but why doesnt my cash withdrawal show up
How many different currencies can I hold money in?
and do you allow currency exchanges?
how many currencies can i have money in my account?
IS THE EUR ACCEPTED FOR EXCHANGES?
is it ok to hold money in different currencies?
can i have money in more than one currency in my account?
what currencies can i have?
what currency can my account be in?
How many currencies can I have?
Are exchanges in EUR allowed?
i want to have different currencies if possible.
Do you convert to Euro?
can i hold fiat and exchange them?
can you exchange to EUR?
I need to know what flat currencies you support for holding and exchange.
Do you support other currencies?
can u convert to EUR?
What are the fiat currencies.
What currencies can't I hold many in, if so, what are they?
how many different currencies can i have my money in?
which fiat currencies are supported by you?
what currencies do you offer?
Are there any fiat currencies that you won't work with?
i wondered if multi currencies is ok?
Are all fiat currencies supported?
can i get the names of fiat currencies in your institution?
can i change or hold different currencies?
What flat currencies are supported for holding and exchange?
What other fiat currencies can I use?
what fiat currencies do you allow exchange with?
are all european currencies available to hold and exchange?
can u tell me how many currencies i can hold
what kinds of foreign money can be used with this service?
Am I allowed to hold money in multiple currencies?
What fiat currencies do you support?
I need to hold money, what currencies can I use?
Can you exchange euro's?
ys what r all the fiat currencies support and exchange and holding?
What currencies can I hold?
what currencies do you accept?
are there limits to what currency i can hold?
what types of fiduciary currencies are supported for tenure and exchange?
Can I hold more than one currency?
What fiat currencies are used with holdings and exchanges?
is it possible to hold money in multiple currencies?
Can I have more than one currency in my account?
I need to know what fiat currencies I can use with you
how can i solve my problem with holding multiple currencies?
what currencies do you support?
do you support fiat currencies?
can my account have different kinds of currency in it.
What kind of money can I hold?
will you be able to exchange to EUR?
Is my country's currency supported by your system?
what flat currencies do you support for holding and exchange?
what kind of fiat currency are supported for holding and exchange?
Can you exchange some euro?
is there an eur that you trade with?
Are EUR exchanges ok?
what currencies can i exchange?
what fiduciary currencies are supported for tenure and exchange?
will u be adding more currencies in the future?
how can i hold fiat currencies and exchange them?
What currencies can I hold and exchange?
I'd like to know what fiat currencies your company supports.
Which currencies are allowed?
if i want to use fiat currencies, what do you support??
how do I go about holding money in multiple currencies?
And what are the currencies that u'll swap?
i need a list of currencies you accept for exchange.
what type of fiat currencies do you support?
and what currencies are supported?
please tell me what fiat currencies you support
Do you have services that hold money in various types of currency?
whats the support for exchange and hold?
So, what fiat money can I exchange and hold?
What fiat currencies are used for exchange?
do u give exchange for euros?
What country's money can I hold currency in?
What other currencies can I hang onto?
i'm interested in holding and exchange for flat currencies, what do you support?
do you have a problem with EUR exchanges?
can i exchange money to europe?
what are eligible holding and exchange currencies?
What fiat is allowed in exchange holding?
how can i exchange to EUR?
do you accept euro exchanges?
Can u exchange EUR?
Does my account have the option to hold multiple currencies?
which fiat currencies can i use thru this app?
do you hold money and if so what currencies do you accept?
Please tell me the types of currency i can hold
can i have multiple currencies?
so will u work with any fiat currencies?
Which flat currencies can I use from you?
what is the fiat currencies used for holding?
what fiat currencies do you support currently, will this change in this future?
Can you make exchanges using the EUR?
Is it possible to hold money in different currencies?
tell me the currencies you support
are multiple currencies ok?
Do you deal with EUR?
i heard that u support more than one type of fiat currency, would you tell me which ones please?
what fiat currencies are supported for holding and exchanging?
what fiat currencies are supported?
What are my options for holding money in different currencies?
What flat currencies do you use to hold and exchange?
I want to hold and exchange fiat currencies, what can I use to do this?
Do you have any EUR wich I can use?
if i travel abroad, would i be able to hold currencies in euros?
What fiat currencies are compatible for exchange and holding?
Is my fiat currency supported for both hold and exchange?
i need to know which flat currencies you are supporting.
Please list what fiat currencies are supported both for holding and exchanging.
do u have support for flat currencies?
i wanna know which fiat currencies are recognized by your organization
Can you change my currency to EUR?
are you ok with exchanges to EUR?
Can i exchange my money for euro?
can i have money from diff country of origin?
what are the currencies I can keep my money in.
I need help understanding what fiat currencies you support.
could you tell me the fiat currencies that you work with?
which fiat currencies are supported?
which flat currencies do you support for holding and exchange?
Can you tell me if I can hold money in multiple currencies?
can it be delivered specifically on a certain date?
I need to get my card quick
and when can I expect my card i live in america
help, when will the card arrive at my home?
Can I get my card fast tracked?
How long is the wait for my card?
I need to get my card ready fast
when should I expect to get my card?
how long until my card will get here?
how long is the delivery to the US?
can i have it delivered on a specific date?
i'm express delivering my card to us..how long will that take?
i need my card sometime soon
Can I pick when my card is delivered?
When my card will be here?
how long can it take to be shipped to US?
when can I expect delivery?
can i specify a day for my card to be delivered?
i m worried that my card may be lost in the mail, how long does it usually take to arrive?
When my card will be delivered?
can i have them delivered to a specific need?
how long does delivery take?
how long will it take to deliver to the US?
How fast can you get me my card?
can I choose delivery times to suit me?
Can i choose the day of delivery?
how long will it take for it to get to me?
but i wonder what the time it takes to deliver in the US??
Give me my card I need it now
I want it delivered on Saturday, is that possible?
how long will i have to wait for my new card?
How long does delivery to the us take?
how long does it take to get it to the US?
how long does it take to get to the us?
If i order a card when does it arrive?
when can i expect my card?
how long is delivery to US?
what are your shipping policies for cards?
I ordered my card and it is not here yet..I need it ASAP..when can I expect to get it?
how long to wait for my card?
I need my card fast when it comes
How long should i wait til the card arrives?
how long does it take to get your item in the usa?
can you tell me when my card will arrive?
When can I expect my card to arrive?
can I have it delivered on the date I need it delivered?
how long does it take to ship to the u.s.
how long will it take me to get my card mailed?
can card be sent on a specific date?
Can i have it by a certain date?
i need my card as quickly as possible
how long will it take my card to get here?
is there a date where they can delivery it?
i want my card delivered fast
is there a specific date i can have it delivered?
How long will it take to deliver to the US?
I need my card ASAP
how long will it take to get to the us?
How soon will I get my card?
what's the estimated delivery date to US?
how long does it take for the card to come?
when will i get the card?
When should I expect my card?
can I pay more to get it deliver quicker?
how long is the delivery to the us?
Send me my card NOW ASAP
i havent got my card yet, how long does it normally take?
how long does it take for US delivery?
can u tell me my card?
when's it going to be delivered
How soon will my card arrive?
I ordered my card just a few weeks ago, not received it yet...WHEN CANT I EXPECT IT?
how long does it take to deliver cards once you have ordered them?
if I want delivery on a day can i accommodate it?
what is the amount to get my card in 2 days?
when are cards shipped??
my card is needed soon
How long it takes for us to get it?
i placed my order a week ago y is it ok that my card isn't here yet?
how soon do cards come in after i order?
HOW CAN I GET MY CARD?
how long does it take to receive my card?
How long until the card comes?
can i get my card on tuesday?
how long does it take for a new card to arrive?
i need to add express delivery if that's an option
I need my card right away
can i pick a specific delivery date?
When can I have my card shipped to me?
do I have a say when it's delivered?
my card needs to be delivered asap
i want to make sure it's delivered on a certain date
when will i get my card?
Could I pick the date to get it delivered?
how long does it take for a card to arrive?
Will my card be here soon?
please send my card as soon as possible
how long does it take to get my card i am in a rush
when can i expect to receive my card?
Are there delivery days? My schedule only allows me to be a available on specific dates
how long to ship to a customer in the us?
when can i expect my new card to get here?
how long are deliveries to the us?
Can it be delivered on a certain date?
What's the speed of delivery to the US?
How long does it take for something to be delivered to the US?
what is the time it takes my card to be delivered
how long will it take for a new card to come in the mail?
How earliest can I get my card?
are you sending me my card?
I need my card ASAP
when will it be shipped to the US??
Can I add money to my account automatically while traveling?
i need help finding the auto top up option
whats the maximum amount u can do for auto top up?
i cant find the auto-top up option
auto top up has any limits?
when do i activate auto topup?
can i have money transferred to my account at different intervals along my trip?
i'm going to be traveling....can i set up auto top-up if i run out of money?
Is there an auto top up feature??
Can I have my account add money automatically, at certain intervals?
is there a daily auto top up limit?
How do I get the option to top up?
I'll be traveling, can I add money automatically?
how low does the balance have to be before the system updates?
YES. IS IT A AUTO TOP-UP OPTION?
how do i set up auto top up?
if there isn't alot left over will it top up automatically?
Do I need to set a limit on auto top up?
can you top up automatically?
Can I add money to my card automatically during a trip?
is there an auto top up for this?
Can I auto top if I'm low on funds?
tell me where i find auto top up and a little about it please
how do i start auto top up?
question about the auto top up feature
can i set up an auto top up?
are there any limit on auto top up?
Can u autotop up?
is there a way to do auto top up?
i want to top up my account automatically how do i do that?
i want to set up an auto top up
And if I don't have much money in the account can i auto top up?
Can I schedule future top ups?
can i set automatic top ups?
i need to know if there is a limit on the amount for auto top up.
can i set up to my account to automatically top up?
does the app top up automatically?
if there isn't a lot of money left will it automatically top up money?
What amounts can I top up my card?
Does auto top up have a limit?
if i am running out of credit can i auto top up?
is there an auto top up feature?
is there such thing as an auto top up option?
how can i use theretotop option?
can it automatically top up when i travel
is there an auto top up option?
Where can I get the Auto Top Up?
How can I add money automatically?
Where can I get the autotop up?
i am going to travel, can i have it add money automatically in certain intervals?
i'm traveling, and i would like to get cash added in that order, can i do this?
do i have to manually top up once im too low?
how can i tell when i can use the auto top up feature?
what are the auto top up policies?
can i autotop up?what do i do?
How do I get refills to my card when I am traveling?
nso what is the limit on auto top?
How do I auto top up?
can it add money automatically while travelling?
auto top up is something that's offered?
when the time is right will this automatically refill my balance?
will money be added automatically when needed?
can I automatically top up during a trip?
what is the maximum for auto top-up?
is there a way to top up after it gets to a certain balance?
Can I set the account to auto top up?
Are there any hidden limits on the auto topup?
I'm traveling what can I do to set up auto top up?
what is my option for topping up automatic, or manual.
Can it automatically add money if I travel?
is auto top up available?
I want to auto top up
When im going, can i add money automatically at certain time points?
Do u offer auto top ups?
auto top up is there limit?
i am trying to activate the autotop up function where is it?
What is the limit for auto top up?
how do i automatically top up?
how do i access the auto top up option?
where lk can i find the autotop up
if my funds run low will the app top up automatically?
can i set it up to add money every few days automatically while im traveling?
i want to add money automatically when i travel
does it have a way i can top up automully?
Can I use an auto top up?
Can topping up be automatic?
can i auto top up multiple times?
i want to use auto top up but is there a limit?
do you have a option for auto top up?
how do i activate auto top up when traveling?
where can i find auto top option??
what are the max number of times i can auto top up..
How many times can I auto top up?
what's the auto top up policy?
what is the limit for auto top up if any?
can I auto top up my account if it's low in funds?
will the system automatically top up itself?
can i get an auto top up?
where do i find the auto top up option?
what are the restrictions on auto top up?
how do I set up automatic top up?
can it automatically top up my account?
can i top up automatically??
i heard you have auto-top up but where do I find that?
where do i access the auto top up function?
What about a auto top up?
how can i get it to add cash automatic while travelling
What about a auto top up, is that a possibility?
Can I set up top ups ahead?
where can i find the auto top up function?
Is there a way to set up an auto top-up?
i have a trip coming up and i want to add money automatically
where can i find the auto top up option?
and can it add money every once in a while automatically when i travel?
Will the system automatically update once theres no more money left?
when traveling, is it possible for it to add money at certain time intervals?
how do i top up when traveling?
auto top up can be found where?
Do I have to top up my account manually each time or will it do it on its own?
Can I auto top up as much as I want?
i am going abroad and can i add money in intervals?
is there a limit to auto top?
i have poor money can i auto top up
i know the auto top optomer but I can't find it?
is it possible to top up automatically?
what is the auto top up limit?
do you have an auto top function and how do I use it if so?
I can't use my card because it's not working.
i can't seem to use my card
My card isn't working, I need help, it's really frustrating.
What's up with my card... it got declined in a restaurant today.. let me know
how do i fix a broken card?
My card was working but it doesn't now
I can't seem to use my card
I think my card is broken, it's not working anymore
Can't use this card, I guess.
What to do if my card is broken?
How come my card can't function anymore?
i tried to use my card but still can't.it hasn't worked for a week now.
i mean my actual card isnt working.
I can't get the card itself to work.
What should i do if my card doesn't work?
Why doesn't my card work?
My card won't work.
My card is not working.
HOW LONG THE CARD VALIDITY
My card seems to be no longer working at all
My card gets rejected when I try to use it
I can't use my card for some reason
Why can't I use my card?
I think my card is broken?
what do i do my card is broken
my netflix subscription says that theres an issue with my card information, but I thought everything was fine, why would it be declined?
I got declined my card at a restaurant today, I don't know what the problem is.
WHATS THE REASON FOR THAT
My card is not working when i try to use it.
how do I check security on my card?
my card is not working at all...what happened?
Today I was eating when my card was declined... So what's wrong with that?
How can I check why my card is not working?
Currently my card is broken
My card won't work at all for anything.
How do I fix my card if it's broken?
Why doesn't my card work for any transactions?
i tried using my card but it doesnt work.
my card havent even been working for small transactions today
what do i do if the machine rejects my card?
Something's wrong.My card won't work.
I tried to use my card today in a restaurant... but it didn't work... just got declined... What is wrong?
suddenly my card won't work.
When I try to use my card it wouldn't be working.
My physical card is not working.
i cant seem to use my card
Why is my physical card not working?
but i hav my card broken
I can't use my card.
no transactions being accepted, whats wrong with my card?
is my card frozen?
i got rejected at a restaurant today but i dont know why.
What do i do now that i can't use this card?
My card don't seem to work anymore
I had a problem with my card out of the blue.
i can't seem to use my card.can you help?
How can I reorder a card that is ruined?
Why is my card not working anymore?
I cant use my card for anything
What's wrong with my card... the clerk at the grocery store said it was declined.
what should i do if i can't use my card?
Can i use app to reset pin attempts?
Please help the card wont work.
i couldnt use my card today when i went out for lunch wondering why that's?
I dont think my card works.
I can't get my card to work at the moment.
what's the main reason for this mess?
how do i get my card to work?
What can I do to make my physical card work?
Can you tell me why I can't make any transactions?
something goes wrong with my card tried to use it a few times today and it just didnt work....the transactions I tried to make were really small
Can you tell me whats wrong with my card it seems to be not working?
How do I check security setting with the app?
I tried using my card at multiple vendors and now it's not working.
could you help me with my card i think its broke.
The card is non-functional.
i haven't been able to do any transactions on my card today do you know what's wrong?
I used my card at a place I was at today and got declined...Why?
Did you deactivate my card.....not working anymore
Need help to get my card to work
Why doesn't my card work anymore?
Why won't my card work anymore?
why wont the machine accept my card anymore?
at a restaurant today my card wouldn't come through for me and payment wouldn't go through, i need help tho
what to do if my physical card is not working?
My card stops working after multiple transactions...why??
Why doesn't my card accept transactions?
I think my card is broken or something i tried using it and it wouldn't go through please help
my card is broken
i tried to buy airline tickets online this morning and my card information isn't working is there something going on with my account?
my card dont work anymore.
I haven't made any transactions.
Can't get my actual card to work
My card don't work when i use it.
what to do if my card gets broken?
i am having trouble with my physical card
how do i get my card to work?
i need help on why my card isnt working
help me, my physical card isn't working right.
My card went off and how do I check if the card is freezing??
i don't know what's wrong with my card, but it hasn't worked at multiple places today.
I need to know why my card is not working.
my card won't physically work.
what's going on, my card won't accept any transactions.
my card didnt work
My card won't work right now.
How can it be that my card is NOT working anymore.
What is up with my card I've tried it multiple times, it never goes through.
HOW LONG TO TAKE THE TIME TO SOLVE IT?
What do I do if my card is not working?
What should I do if my physical card isn't working?
i hav a card thats not working i'm just bringing it up...
can I change from AUD to GBP??
I need to exchange between GBP and USD...Can I do that with your app?
how do I change currencies or something?
is there an app that lets you switch USDGBP?
What if I have to use GBP instead of USD???
i am from X but am traveling to Y, how do i get currency for Y?
is it possible to change from AUD to GBP?
can money be exchanged from one currency to another?
how can i change USD to GBP?
wat currencies can you exchange in the app?
can i add a new currency to my account?
How do I exchange AUD for GBP?
Can I possibly change my currency to something else?
i want to exchange currencies on the app.How do i do that?
What do i do to exchange currency?
is it possible to exchange currencies?
Can I convert my money into a different currency?
I want to change to another currency.
How can I change currency type?
I don't need GBP but I need AUD How do I convert it?
how do i exchange AUD besides GBP?
is it possible to exchange u money?
Using your app, would I be able to exchange between USD and GBP?
Can I use this app for USD and GBP?
Im trying to find out how to exchange currency x with currency y.
does your app accept a currency exchange between USD and GBP?
Will it be possible to exchange currencies with this app?
how do i change my currency to the other?
how do I change currencies using the app?
Does this app allow exchange currencies?
Can I exchange USD for GBP in your app?
is it possible to switch currencies in app?
how do I exchange currencies using this app?
i want to exchange USD and GBP with the app
how do i turn my AUD into GBP?
how do I convert some currencies?
can i use your app to switch between USD and GBP
i need some Euros for my holiday can i exchange my money?
Can you exchange currencies on this app?
how do i change to a different currency?
is it possible to exchange currencies through the app?
Where can I get my currencies exchanged?
is currency exchange one of your apps?
can i convert currency with the app?
i might need to exchange between USD and GBP, is this possible with your app?
i need to exchange my GBP to AUD... how?
Do you support changing my currency?
Can I convert money into different currencies?
WHERE CAN I EXCHANGE GBP WITH USD
How to change my money
how can i use the app to exchange currencies?
i dont need AUD anymore..i need GBP
i'm trying to exchange AUD for GBP, how do i do that?
How do I change the US Dollar to GBP?
How do I get my money to use in a other country?
How do I exchange AUD for GBP?
Can I use this app to exchange currencies?
how can i exchange currencies with your app?
how do I exchange currencies with this app?
Can I exchange USD to GB?
does your app allow for a foreign exchange from USD to GBP?
What currences are available for exchange?
is this app able to exchange currencies?
Is it possible to change from USD to GBP with your app?
if I have to exchange USD to GBP how do i do that on the app?
can i use this app to exchange dollars and pounds?
will this app let me exchange currencies?
is it possible to exchange USD and GBP on the app?
Can ur app do this I might need to exchange my USD for GBP?
How do I exchange currencies with this
i need australia dollars instead of british.
I'M HAVING BLOCKS WHEN I WANT TO CHANGE AUD FOR GBP, HOW DO I DO THIS?
Can I exchange currencies using the app?
you tell me how to exchange USD for GBP in the app?
how do you exchange currencies
How can I swap currencies with this app?
How to exchange GBP for AUD?
can i exchange currency for different types?
does this app trade currencies??
can u exchange currencies on ia app?
what is the process to change from GBP to AUD?
how do i switch to a different currency?
What's the procedure with currency exchange?
what to do to switch my money for that money in a different country?
if this app works can u change USD into GB?
i would like to change currency
How do i make a currency exchange?
i cant figure out how to change GBP to AUD,what do I do?
I chose to exchange GBP accidentally.. but I need to pick AUD.. how can I change it?
How can I exchange USD and GBP on the app?????
how can i exchange currencies in the app?
i need to exchange a currency, can i do that here?
How do i change AUD to GBP?
WHAT DO I NEED TO DO TO CHANGE MY MONEY?
I would like to swap currencies but how do I do it?
What kind of currencies can I get?
i want to exchange currency, what kinds are there?
how to exchange currencies
can i use your app to exchange USD for GBP??
so can you convert this into money?
CAN YOU TELL ME HOW TO GET AUD NOT GBP???
how can i trade currencies with this app?
can i exchange currencies using this app?
can we use this app to change currencies?
a need to exchange currencies
how do i change to an AUD from gb?
How do I start a GBP/AUD swap?
i need to know what type of currency i can exchange?
how can i swap currencies?
Can I exchange USD and GBP via an app?
what do i need to do to exchange currencies?
what other currencies are there to change to?
what currencies can i exchange on your app?
Can this app exchange American and English currency?
i might need to go from GBP to AUD
does the app allow for exchanges between currencies?
I might not need GBP anymore, but AUD...how can I change that?
Can I use this app to change money?
Has anyone acted on my card today?
I lost my wallet and all my cards were in it.
Im panicking i lost my card help
I need to report a stolen card
how do i replace a stolen card?
Can u give me information for freezing my card immediately?
whats the phone number to freeze a card?
i can't find my card. Can you help?
i'm on vacation in spanish and someone stole my bag with my phone and wallet with cards and everything can u block it ASAP and
Help, I lost my card
my card is missing, pls help
I think my card has been stolen
my card was stolen.
i shouldn't have to pay if my card got stolen.
my card has been stolen I reported it with the police but I need to report it to you too.
can you tell me the status of my new card?
my card is stolen, what do i do?
I can't find my card, it's lost.
i lost my card help me
i think my card has been stolen
what should I do if i think my card was stolen?
can you send me a new card and block my old one im in spain my wallet was stolen
I thought I left my card at a restaurant but they claim to not have it and now I don't even have any idea where it is.
My bag got stolen with all my cards. Can you please cancel my card and send a new one?
i think my card is stolen
Help...I fear my card was stolen.
Someone stole my card
can you tell me where the card is located?
how can i report that my card was stolen I made a police report first.
my card is missing help.
my wallet and cards were stolen.how do i freeze my cards and order a new one?
could you freeze my card now?
I need help i lost my card.
what can i do if my card was lost?
I think the card is stolen.....So, what do I do?
what do i do if my card is stolen?
My card is stolen... Help
I lost track of my card
Report a stolen card
my card is stolen....help
my card was lost on vacation, I don't know where it is.Can you help me take care of this immediately?
I have lost my card what should I do?
my card is lost please help
what do i do if my card has been lost or stolen?
Help me, i lost my card and now what should i do?
Someone stole my card w my wallet while vacationing in Spain so I really need my card blocked and a new one ordered
who can i talk to about lost card?
Well my card has gone missing.
oh my god i lost my card what should i do?
i can't find my card, what should i do?
whats the first step i should take after my card is taken?
i seem to have lost my card.
my card was stolen what do i do
Someone took my card without my permission...
I lost my card and need a new one
My card has been lost or stolen
i have a card lost i dont kno what the last place is where i used the card last.can u look at my
Help me my card is missing.
I lost my card what do i do now?
I need to get a new card...my old one got stolen
i think someone stole my card cause i can't find it.
What should i do if my card is stolen?
I cannot find my card
I think my card is lost what do i do?
what should i do if my card is stolen?
how do i deactivate a stolen card?
I wanna block my card or disable it some something its been stolen and I dont want it misused I want it handled right away
Someone took my card without my permission.
Need help with a stolen card.
help i lost my card
what to do if my card was stolen??
i think my wallet fell out on the Tube today I realized as soon as I got to my desk how do I cut off the card?
my card is missing
how do i report my card as lost or stolen?
any way for you to find my card?
i lost my card what can i do?
I left my card at a restaurant and now its missing.
Can u help me retrieve my card?
i lost my card, can u help me?
What should I do, my card has been stolen
my card was stolen last night
could you help me find my lost card?
I wanna open an account for my kids
how old do u need to be to use the banks services?
what is the minimum age to have an account
can my kids open an account?
How old do I need to be?
what is the age requirement for opening an account?
is there any age limit?
We want to start a college fund for my daughter
hold old do my kids have to be to use the service?
Can I start a kid account?
How old does my daughter have to be to open an account?
what's the minimum age for an account?
What is the u need for my daughter to open an account?
What about my kids?
What is it to set up and account for my child?
Is there a age limit to open a account?
How old do my kids have to be to use this?
can i make an account for my kids?
i want to open an account for my kids....CAN I?
can you open up a kiddent account?
Do you have any age limit?
if i want my son to have his own account, can i do that?
Could I open an account for kids?
what does my daughter need to open an account?
Can my kids get an account?
What is the age limit for a account?
What age do you have to be?
how old is my child to be able to open an account?
how do i open an account for my kids?
what are the requirements to open an account for a minor?
are there age requirements
is there any age limit to open an account?
Can my 8 year old grandkid open an account at the bank?
what is the minimum age to open a account with your service?
and if i want to get a account for my daughter can i.
how old do you have to be to open an account?
I have young kids can they use this service?
do you have an age limit?
how old do you have to be?
could my daughter open an account?
Can I open an account for my children?
What would the age limit be?
what are the age requisitions for service?
i am 16 and just started working at McDonalds, can i deposit my checks at your bank?
would i be able to open an account for my sons or girls?
is there an age limit for getting an account?
what is the age limit to open a new account
is my daughter eligible to open an account?
how do i set up an account for my children?
can i get a account for my daughter?
What is the minimum age limit?
how old must I be to open an account?
what is the age limit?
Can my kids have an account?
is there any way i could open an account for my daughter?
can i get an account for my daughter?
how old do u hav to be to open an account?
Do you offer account services for children and teens?
Is there a age my kids can use your service from?
what is the smallest age for an account
I have kids and I'm wondering what age they could start using your service?
at what age can i open an account?
i wanna open an account for my kids, how can i do that?
can i open my child's account?
is there a limit for age?
How do I set up an account for my kids?
Do you have a children account available?
at what age can my children use your service?
i want to open an account for my kid
at what age can one open an account?
how old do kids have to be to open an account?
What are your limit age?
How old do my kids need to be to use your service?
i wanna get an account for my kid.
hmm could i open an account for my daughter?
Can my teen have an account?
How old do u need to be to open an account?
how old do my kids need to be to open a account?
so when my kids get older are they able to get their own accounts set up?
is there an age limit i my child can use these services?
how old do i have 2 be?
do you have a limit for somebody's age?
you have any kids accounts?
Can my daughter make an account?
I need a account for my daughter how would i do it?
how old can u use your service.
do u have to be 18 to make an account??
Would I be able to get an account for my child?
Can I get an account for my son?
Do I need to be 18 to open an account?
am i able to get an account for my daughter?
my daughter needs to open an account
can i open an account for my offspring?
do you offer accounts for minors?
what are the age limits for your service?
How old do you have to be to have an account?
how old does my daughter need to be to have her own account?
my son just turned 13, is he old enough for an account??
do you guys have any age restrictions?
Is there a minimum age for having an account?
How old does one need to be?
My daughter needs an acount
What is the age requirement?
is there a certain age i have to be?
is my kid too young to sign up?
Can i open an account for my kids?
can i make an account for my daughter?
what's the youngest i can be to open an account?
do you have an age requirement when opening an account with your service?
can i set up separate accounts for my kids?
I have exceeded the number of PIN attempts
I mistook my pin, now i am locked, can you unlock me?
please help me unblock my pin which i put the wrong one to many times
Help me unblock my account, i entered the PIN wrong too many times.
I locked myself out of my account. How do I unblock my PIN?
my PIN tries run out, now what?
Can I reset my PIN if its blocked?
I've messed up my pin with too many times.can you help me unblock it now
where do i get my pin for my card?
Can someone help me unblock my pin?
I tried to enter my pin to many times.
I forgot my PIN and now it is block
Can someone help me out how i can unblock my pin?
My pin needs unblocking Unblock it please?
What do i have to do to get my PIN unblocked?
i tried my pin too many times and now my card doesn't work.
I entered a wrong PIN too many times.... what can i do
How do I unblock my PIN?
When I was drunk, my card got stuck in your machine because I mistyped my pin...What do I need to do to get it restored?
I can't try my PIN anymore.
what is the web address to unblock my pin?
How can I make my PIN work again?
What can I do to unblock my PIN?
my PIN was entered wrong...now i am blocked....Please unblock me
Can I use app to unblock my card?
I try the wrong PIN too many times.
Help me unblock my PIN
Can I unblock my PIN in the app?
how do i get my pin unblocked?
I forgot my PIN number
i tried entering my pin a couple times wrong, why isn't my pin working?
i need my PIN unlocked
I can't input my pin again.
How do I take a block off my card?
Will u help me unblock my pin after putting in the wrong pin too many times?
What do I do if I forgot my PIN?
How to unlock the pin?
how do I unlock a pin?
i enetered the wrong information, I need my account unblocked how do I do that?
I have a locked PIN how do I unlock it?
I got the wrong PIN..help unlock my account
how do i fix it if my PIN is rejected?
Why was my PIN blocked?
i put the wrong pin too many times and now its block...can u help me unblock it?
Where can I get my PIN unblocked?
what is the procedure to unblock my PIN?
i accidentally exceeded my PIN attempts, please advise.
i got in wrong and am blocked how do i log in?
I was drunk when I wentofed my PIN number and your machine ate my card.How can I get it back?
can u unblock my blocked pin?
How do I reset my darned PIN number?
What do I do, I have my PIN unlocked
Im locked because i used the wrong pin too many times so please help
My PIN can't get to my card, can you help?
after putting in the wrong PIN to many times, I was blocked.can you help me in changing it?
How do I unblock my PIN?
What happens if I forgot my PIN?
I put the wrong pin too many times and now it's blocked.Can you help me unblock it?
i managed to drunken block my card :( Help
Why is my pin blocked?
I use my pin too many times
My PIN has been blocked
My card got blocked, how do I reset it?
i got my pin wrong and can't get it
A way to reset my pin?
What do I do if I have exceeded all my PIN tries?
How do I get unblocked?
I have blocked my card, how do I unblock it?
how should i do it if i exceed my PIN tries?
How come I got blocked for entering wrong pins?
If I have tried all my PIN's, what should I do?
My PIN isn't working.
I forgot my pin number and now im blocked can you help me get in?
where i can get my pin unblock?
I forgot my pin and I'm blocked now, can I reset it somewhere?
I mustve entered my PIN wrong
so im locked out of entering my pin
what do i do to unblock my pin?
I got the pin wrong too many times
I've used all my PIN's now...
where do I go to unblock my PIN?
What if I type in the wrong PIN too many times?
what do i do if my pin was blocked?
Can I unblock my pin using the app?
how many times can I enter the wrong pin before it's blocked?
so my pin got blocked
i mistakenly put in the wrong pin to many times, and now I need to unblock it...any help please?
I have done over all my pin attempts
How to unblock my PIN?
how many wrong attempts get card blocked?
help me out on how to unblock my pin
i don't know why but my pin is blocked..please unblock my pin?
i have used all my pin tries what should i do now?
is there a number to call to get my pin unblocked?
my pin seems to be blocked, help me get it?
How do I unblock my card?
i might have wrong entered the PIN and the account is blocked.what do i have to do to get it unblocked?
I can't use my PIN.
My PIN got blocked, help
where do I unblock my PIN?
i am now blocked because I entered the wrong pin, need help
my pin's got a block what should i do?
Too many times I put in the wrong PIN, how do I get my account unblocked?
I got my account blocked because I entered the wrong pin too many times.. Help me unblock.
I entered the wrong pin too many times and now I think it's blocked, wht do i do?
i got blocked with the wrong pin too many times can u help me?
My PIN is not working, can you help?
How do I unlock my account after typing in the wrong PIN too many times?
i entered the pin wrong too many times and now it is blocked.can u help?
Can you unblock my pin? Cause i've put the wrong one to many times.
I need a new PIN.
Can you unblock my account?I put the PIN wrong
I tried my pin too many times
I punched in the wrong pin a lot and I'm locked out.
i can't figure out how to unblock my pin number. Can you help me?
Should I uninstall the app before I try it again?
how come when I tried paying contactless at the bus it didn't work?
why does my contactless not work?
My contactless payments are not working.
how many days on new card process?
i'm confused... my contactless suddenly is not working anywhere I try to use it... how do I fix it?
If you reinstalled the app, would that solve the problem?
I've tried 'contactless' in a couple places today and its not working anywhere it used to be ok but how do i
What do I have to do to get the contactless to work?
i paid at the terminal and they didn't take my card is there any problem?
Why wasn't my contactless accepted at the metro?
can i make contactless payments?
I can't get a contactless payment to work.
I need contactless payments on my card
help me set up contactless payments
my contactless stopped working today for no good reason it's not working no matter where I try to use it. Can you please help me fix it
I'm confused why my contactless isn't working
I need help with my contactless ain't working wotever I go
contactless payments are not working
how to get new card?
HOW DO i trouble shoot my contactless?
How can I fix my contactless?
Any charges applicable for new card?
I have a broken contactless.
my contactless isn't working
How do i get a new card?
My contactless stopped working today no matter where I tried to use it. How do I get it to start working again?
how do i troubleshoot when contactless doesnt work?
how do i fix my card if contactless didn't work this morning?
I was trying to use contactless before but it didn't work.
why wouldnt my contactless work at the metro?
are my contactless settings right?i tried to use it today but it wasn't working.
I'm having problems with my contactless.
i have problems w contactless payments... could my card get hurt?
why i tried paying contactless at the bus, but it didn't work?
is there a top up fee for transfer?
will there be a charge for topping up by account with a SEPA transfer?
what do you have to pay for a SEPA transfer?
Is there a charge for SEPA transfers?
will I be charged a fee for a SEPA transfer?
What is the fee to top up my account
will u guys charge me for topping up by transfer?
Can you tell me how much a transfer is
Do you receive SWIFT transfers?
whats the cost of getting a SEPA transfer?
So will I get my money through SEPA?
Am I going to see a charge for a SEPA transfer?
Can I do a SWIFT transfer?
what would I pay for getting a SEPA transfer?
how much is it to receive money?
Is there a charge for using transfers for top ups?
If someone sends me money will i be charged?
do u accept SWIFT transfers?
Am I charged for getting money?
will i be charged for topping up by transfer?
will I be charged a fee for getting money?
Are they charging for a SEPA transfer?
is there any top up fees if you have a bank transfer?
dB Do you offer SWIFT?
will i be charged for a top off transfer?
will i be charged for recieving money?
To receive money are there charges?
will there be a charge if money is added to my account?
What are the fees for top up via transfer
can i use SWIFT transfers?
how much does a transfer cost?
is there a fee for a SEPA transfer??
why do you charge for transfers?
Are there fees to make a transfer?
How much do you charge to make a transfer?
What would it cost to transfer?
Does it cost anything to transfer money for a top-up?
will I be fined for topping up by transfer?
and how much does a transfer cost?
if i use a trasfer to top up is there any charged for it?
Do I get charged if I get money?
Would I be able to use SWIFT transfers?
if you received money is there any cost?
how much will i have to pay to make a transfer?
And for topping up is there a fee?
can i transfer money with SWIFT?
Is there a charge for transfers?
is there a fee for swift transfer?
How much does it cost to top up by transfer?
What are the fees for using transfer to top off my account?
Do you charge anything for topping up?
Is there SWIFT at this bank?
if I do a transfer, whats the rate for that?
How much do I need to pay for a transfer?
is there a charge for getting my money?
Does this program take SWIFT transfers?
what does it cost to get a SEPA transfer??
how much will it cost to pay via bank transfer SEPA
if I get a SEPA transfer will there be any fees??
if i do a top up am i billed?
do you have a fee for a SEPA tranfer?
what does a transfer cost?
or can i SWIFT wit you?
is a SWIFT transfer ok?
Will I be charged for adding money by transfer?
How much will it cost me for a SEPA transfer
If i transfer, how much would it cost me?
wht should i expect to be charged on a SEPA transfer?
what's the cost of a transfer?
i want to top up my account with a bank transfer but will i be charged??
Am I able to do a SWIFT transfer?
do u know anything about fees for receiving money?
Are SWIFT transfers supported?
Is there a charge for receiving money?
Can I transfer with SWIFT?
Am I going to be charged for receiving money?
what are the extra charges for a SWIFT transfer?
Does it cost me anything to top up my account via bank transfer?
How much does it cost to make transfers?
how much would it cost me to top my account with a bank transfer?
do u take SWIFT transfers?
is there a fee for topping off by transfer?
Will i be charged for getting money?
what kind of a charge will i pay if i transfer it under SEPA?
Are there top ups if I have to transfer?
Am I going to be charged for topping up by transfer?
What's the handling fee for transfer?
and does it cost me to add cash?
if im receiving money do i get charged?
Will you charge me to get the money?
Can I transfer from SWIFT?
What is the fee for a transfer to my account?
Do i pay for SEPA transfers?
Is there a cost to get money?
i want to make a SEPA transfer to my account but will I be charged?
Can third party fees affect a transfer?
Do you charge for transfers?
will i be charged for topping up my account using a bank transfer?
How much would i be charged for a transfer?
is there a top up fee?
can u use SWIFT to send to another?
How much does it cost to do a transfer?
if i top up by transfer am i gonna be charged?
what are the fees for getting SEPA transfers?
are there any fees associated with receiving money?
How much does each transfer cost?
Is there any fees associated with receiving money with this account?
will i get charged to top off my account?
what kind of fee is there to top up my account?
do you do SWIFT transfers?
i want to do a quick transfer
how long does a top up take to go through?
I'm thinking my Top up is still pending... lol
How long will it take for my money to be deposited?
i put money on my card and i don't see it on the balance.
I have a top up that's still pending and wanted to know about it.
It's still pending, I'm still waiting, your system just shows my top up as pending....whats up with that?
Why is my top up not completing?
what if my top up doesn't go through?
Sort your top up please... it has been hanging since hour already...make this go through asap...I really need the money
Says my top up is incomplete?
So its like my top up is on hold.
my top up didn't go through yet.
Looks like my top up hasn't gone through.
how long is my top up pending?
i think my top up is still pending?
Something's wrong with top up, im regular customer i use your service all the time,usually this works but now it just shows up as
why isn't my top up going through?
I topped it up but it's not in my account
when my top up will happen?
my top up has been pending for an hour already and i really need this to go through as soon as possible.Can you help?
Why is my top up still pending?
how long does it take to see a top up on my balance
my top up takes a while to process
my top up is incomplete.
But I don't have my top up funds available yet
why hasnt my top up finished pending yet?
where are my funds i topped off my car but it didn't seem to finish.
I tried to top up but the funds show up as pending, I thought it was instant?
I tried to top up and it didn't finish.
Should I have my top up finished by now?
my top up didn't work out.
why ain't my top up gone through yet??? thought it was supposed to be instant?am i wrong??why is it still
I topped up and went to buy somethin but it says that my funds are pending. Is there a quick fix?
When will my top up get approved?
My top up didn't go through. It still says pending. Whats up with that?
I can't find that money I just added in.
What does it mean if my top up hasn't gone through?
my top up hasn't gone through yet, why?
i have been waiting for a top up to come through for over an hour and i need money now.
hello, i am a new customer, and just tried topping up for the first time... according to your information, the transaction should be instant
Im a new customer i'm new and so this is my first time doing this but i think its easier than this... i tried
my account is new.why cant i top up
Help I don't see my money i just added.
What happened to my Topup... It's not reflected.
im waiting on a top up its still pending
i'm a new customer and tried topping up today for the first time. It's still pending and doesn't seem to be
Needed gas, been delayed for a half an hour...please fix it
yesterday i topped up my card,why didn't it complete as it still pending?
And tell me why i have a top up pending on me.
How long should I wait for top up go go through?
top up is loaded in the card no update
my top up looks like it is pending for a long time?
i already paid to top up but the funds aren't available yet, where are they?
What to do if my top up hasn't gone through?
My top-up hasn't gotten through the gate
is my top up not working?
my top up is still pending
Why hasn't my top up go through yet?
Hey, I tried topping up today, Im a new customer, and transaction has shown as pending for the last half an hour Can you fix it
my top up says its still pending.
i topped up about half an hour ago and the charge is still pending.... i'm a new customer and today is my first
how long does it take my top up to clear?
how long should i wait for when i add some money?
and i am still waiting on the top up
Is there a problem with the top up system? My transaction hasn't gone through properly
How long will my topup be pending?
I think my top up is still pending
why hasnt my top up gone through?
Why is my top up for my new account not instant
my money hasnt been deposited yet... when?
I'm still waiting for my TopUp to go through
How long after a failed top up will funds refurn to account
i still haven't got my top finished
my top up hasn't happened yet
Has my top up gone through?
How long does it take to get a top up?
i used my card to top up but it's saying it is still pending what does this mean?
when is my top up going through?
How long does it take for a top up to go through?
i have a pending top up
why is the top up I made still pending?
my top up is still pending
my top up is pending
my top up is taking a very long time to complete.
i don't think the pop up went through yet.
How long I have to wait for my top ups??
Did I do something wrong? Where is my top up???
Why hasnt my top up gone through?
Should I still have my top up waiting?
top up is still pending
i have been waiting for my top up to complete, but it still hasnt gone through.
Trying to top up my card but its still pending and it's been an hour..is there any way to make it go through faster
why isn't my top up done yet?
Why cant i see my money after i topped up?
My top up hasn't gone through
I'm pretty sure my top up is still pending.
when will my top up be done?
I need the cash for a big coffee purchase and my top up keeps showing pending and I dont know how long it will last.
i think u got that top up wrong i've been waiting a little over an hour will u send it thru y?
How long do top ups take to go through?
i tried topping up for the 1st time today and its not working, its been pending for at least half an hour..take care
how long is a top up supposed to be pending, because an hour is too long Can you fix this to go through?
There is a top up up that has been pending for an hour and I don't know why...I was expecting it immediately and need it
can u tell me whats wrong i top up with u all the time but this time it just shows as pending.whats
my top up seems to be in the works.
why is my top up still pending?
why is top up pending
I topped up my account but I don't think it went through
the top-up is broken
Is there something wrong with my top up I did an hour ago? it's still pending. I need that money, i cant afford to wait or have it come back to me.
Why is my top up on hold?
why didn't my top up go through like usual?
it's been a while since I refilled the top up
i added money to the card and it didnt go through
i have a question on how long do i need to wait til i get my top up.
not done with top up
it seems my top up has not go through.
Even though I added money on my card, I couldn't use it
how long does it take for top ups to get approved?
How do I make my top up complete?
What is taking so long with my top up?
When will my top up be applied?
i thought it was supposed to be instant so can you find out why my last top up is showing as pending?
I just did a top up but it says pending... I use your service all the time and I never had a problem before.. why
how long does my top up pending last?
i topped up last night, but i don't have any funds. Why not?
How long should I wait for my top up to finish?,ve been waiting a while.
why hasnt my top-up gone through?
Problem with my top up going through
how do i know if my top up went through?
Can you please sort out your top up? I need this to go through asap because I really need the money. It's already been pending for an hour.
can you tell me why my popup is still pending?
new customer..filling gas for the first time today..no work.
What is taking my top up so long?
What is wrong with my top up?
When is my top up process going to start?
Can you explain to me why a top-up would still be pending?
how long will it take for the top up to work? its still pending
Isn't my top up supposed to mean it's complete?
Why am I still waiting for my top up?
When will my top up go through?
sort your top up my top up has been pending for an hour already.....make it go through as soon as possible i really need the money
my top up hasn't posted...
I made a top up yesterday but it's still pending.
hey im brand new customer and tried topping up for the first time today..has been pending for a half hour and doesn't seem
I have a new card...but i can't add cash to it I tried about 30 minutes ago...and it's still pending
I don't know if my top up went through yet.
i've been waiting for over an hour for a top up to go through how long is this supposed to take, i really need this
where to check up on top ups pending?
Cancel a transaction
can i cancel a transfer i just made?
i needed to pay on my account but i typed in the wrong number... the app won't let me cancel... so i need
i ducked on the transfer this morning, how do i get around it
can i cancel a transaction?
Hi, I sent a payment to the wrong account number, can you cancel it ASAP?
how do i revert a transaction?
I just realize I made the wrong transaction yesterday..please make it correct..I need it by tomorrow please..
how do i cancel a charge?
I didn't want to make a transaction, I want to revert it.
is there any way to undo the transaction?
I accidentally paid the wrong amount yesterday...it's my rent payment and its really large...the account I pay from won't be able to
I need help with reverting a transaction I did this morning.
please help revert my transaction from this morning.
is there any way to cancel my transfer?
I messed a transfer up and need to change it.
Please cancel my most recent transfer it was a mistake This is a emergency, its needs to be canceled before it goes through.
I made a mistake and did something wrong.
I wanna revert a transaction i did today morning
i need to change a transfer
How do i cancel a transaction?
I need to cancel a transaction please
i wanna revert a transaction i did
Can I cancel my transfer, I paid it in the wrong account, I need to pay it into the right by tomorrow.
I need a transfer cancelled
I did a transaction this morning and now I want to cancel it.
a transfer have to be cancelled
is it possible to cancel a transaction?
I screwed up and used the wrong account to make a transaction
one of my transactions needs to be cancelled.
I need to stop the transaction that I made
i need to cancel a transfer.
my transfer was wrong,can u stop it before it goes through please?
i used the wrong account.
i've made a horrible mistake... i transferred money to the wrong account by accident... i entered one of the digits wrong
What are the steps to take to cancel a transaction?
i want to cancel a transfer...is this possible?
I want to cancel the transaction I made earlier.
i did but it was for a wrong account.
i just started a rent payment from the wrong account yesterday and it can't be paid from that one but it has to be paid on time
I accidentally did this to my wrong account and can I cancel it ASAP?
i dont think that the transaction has gone through, so can i cancel a transfer?
I want to change this i did this morning.
I did a transaction to a wrong account!
Please help me cancel a transaction.
i aeen a typo with a transfer and now i hav sewed it to the wrong account...this is so
How fast can you fix a payment mistake.........I messed up yesterday, now i need to adjust by tomorrow for my rent....
Please cancel my last transaction.
how to cancel a transaction
i need to cancel a transfer
Help me cancel a transfer.
whom do i talk to, to cancel a transfer?
Help I need to cancel a transaction.
the mistake i made and i need to cancel a transfer
If I do, can I cancel it?
I need to cancel a transaction
I don't need to transfer anymore and I want to cancel it
how do I cancel a transfer?
i make a mistake on the last transfer i made, who must i talk with to cancel?
Who do i call to cancel a transfer?
i want to cancel my transfer yesterday and put money in another account...is it possible?
I got this transaction wrong.
Is there any way to cancel a recent transfer?  I did not mean to make it and need to make sure it does not go through.
Is there a way to revert a transaction?
i've got a transaction and want to know is it cancelable??
i accidentally paid money to the wrong account, what should i do?
How can I cancel my transfer?
i just realized i made the wrong transaction yesterday...please make it correct, I need it by tomorrow
Can I stop a transfer?
I made a transaction, but I made it to an account I didn't mean to make it to.
stop the transaction
I need to reverse a transaction
i just realized i made the wrong payment yesterday...can you plz change it to the right account...it's my rent payment...and
i just made a money transfer to the wrong account, i need to stop the money from being moved as it may be going to someone
please help ppl it cant let me cancel a money transfer ive accidentally sent money a other persons account and need to cancel immediately
help me cancel a transaction.
i already made a transfer, and want to cancel it, how do i do that?
hi i just learned i made the wrong transaction yesterday...please make it right, i need it by tomorrow
i sent a payment to the wrong account number,can that be reversed,and im worried about accidentally giving my money away.
i want to reverse a transaction I did this morning
I just saw it but I just needed you to stop the transfer
i want to cancel my previous transaction
i need urgent help i realize i sent my payment to the wrong account number... i made a typo.. please cancel the transfer
I made a mistake and done a transaction to a wrong account, can I cancel?
Hi, I just did a transfer yesterday that I want to reverse, and I want to put it in a different account.
im in need of help..I am sorry i sent my payment to the wrong account number i made a typo.. cancel the transfer
i want to cancel a transaction
I paid a rent from the wrong account yesterday, and it is elavetly gotta go through tomorrow, so can u
I don't want to transfer money, can we cancel it?
i did a mistake sending payment to the wrong account 0?can u cancel it plz
I want to cancel my recent transfer asap.I made an error there.help me before its done
I am trying to revert a transcation I did this morning.
i made a payment mistake...help me fix the mistake
I actually did something wrong
I used the wrong account number
HOW DO I CHANGE A TRANSFER I MADE?
I messed up, Can I cancel my prior transfer?
i made my last transfer mistake please cancel before it goes thru.
Can I stop a transaction?
i want to cancel a transfer
I want to take back my transaction
Is it possible for a transaction to be cancelled?
hey need help urgently. I just realised I sent my payment to the wrong account number, there is a typo, cancel it immediately,
could u cancel transactions?
Help I made a mistake and need to cancel it before it's done...
I made a mistake I typo in my account number and accidentally sent money to the wrong account and noticed that the app won't let me void
can i cancel my transfer?
how do i fix a transaction to the wrong account?
i had used the wrong account and i've goofed up help me out.
I want to cancel a transfer I just made
cancel Transaction
Can you refund my transaction, I paid it into the wrong account...I need to be able to pay it into the right account by tomorrow.
my transaction is on the wrong account.
i paid my rent into the wrong account....please pay it into the right account... needs to be done by tomorrow
How do I cancel a transaction?
i have arranged a transfer, but no longer need to send it, how do I stop the transfer?
i would like to cancel a transfer
please help me there is a transaction in the wrong account
how do i revert a transaction from this morning?
How do I cancel a recent transfer?
Please can you block the transaction I just sent from my account? It was a payment but I accidently typed in the wrong details and think it might have gone to the wrong place.
I made a transaction this morning but I need to revert now.
I made the incorrect payment for my rent yesterday and this needs to be fixed by no later than tomorrow. How can you help?
I just made a transfer and I need to cancel it immediately...let me know when this happens.
I made a transfer into my account and now I need to cancel it.
Cancel my transfer please
I need to cancel a transaction right away
help me.....a payment i made had an error on the account number and I can't cancel on my side...can you cancel it?
i need to cancel my recent transfer quickly since I made a mistake. Please help before it goes through.
Can I cancel a transfer I made?
Where do I cancel a transaction?
How do I cancel a transaction to a wrong account?
there's been a transaction to the wrong account.
cancel the transfer i just made i put in the wrong account number and can't seem to stop it on the app
but wanna revert to this morning's transaction.
I didn't mean to do the transfer, is there a way to cancel it?
i need help canceling a transfer which was a mistake.please help me quickly so this does not go through.
Cancelling a transaction
the wrong account was used during a transaction.
i just initiated a transfer but i'd like to cancel it.
My morning transaction gotta go
My transaction from earlier needs to be reversed.
I just made a transfer and i want to cancel it.
I made the wrong payment yesterday for my rent payment. I need that fixed ASAP and the money to be in the correct account by tomorrow.
What do i do to cancel a transaction?
how can I cancel this transaction?
Help... My rent payment is coming out tomorrow and I made a payment mistake yesterday Can you put in in the correct account?
i need help right now, I realize I sent my payment to the wrong account number after making a typo, please cancel the transfer now since I
I need help as quickly as possible... i made a mistake on my latest transfer...Can you please stop it before it goes through?
I want to cancel a transaction from this morning.
theres a transfer I need to cancel, i know i have messed it up and I hope things can be resolved fast.
i need to cancel my recent transfer... made a mistake...help, quickly before the transfer goes through.
I'm really upset cuz i made a typo on a transfer and now i sent money to the wrong account......cant get
this morning, there was a deal I'd like to reverse.
what do i have to do to cancel a transfer?
i wanted to transfer money to another account but now i dont have to so i want to cancel it how do i do that.
Please cancel the transaction
whats the max number of top ups?
are top ups unlimited?
can i increase my top up max?
Can I top up any amount?
what is the max i can top it up with?
can i still top up, as much as i can?
Do i have a limit to the number of top ups per day?
want to know how much i can top up
how many top ups am i allowed to do?
How much am i ok to top up with?
what is the max i can top up?
what's the max money i can top up with?
are there any top up limits?
do you have a limits to the topups that you can do?
whats the most times i can top up?
just tell me if there is a limit to top up.
Is there a top up that I can stay under a certain amount of time?
How much am i allowed to top up?
Does that limit how much i can top up?
Is there a limit to how much I can top-up?
is there a limit to how much i can top up?
what is the limit for top ups?
HOW MUCH CAN I TOP UP IN A DAY?
Do top ups have limits?
Is there a limit to how much I can top up?
Please tell me the limit for topping up.
do top up limits exist?
I want to know how much can I top up.
Whats the limit on my top up
Are there any top up limits that i have to follow?
can i top up any amount i wish on any given day?
is topping up unlimited?
Whats the maximum number of top ups I can do?
is there a limit for top up?
can I set my own top up limit?
What are the rules pertaining to a topup?
how often can i top up?
what is the highest amount i can top up?
How much can i top up to a card?
what are the limits to top ups?
How many times can I make a top up?
Whats the max I can top up.
What is the maximum top up?
what is my card top up limit?
Tell me if there's a top up limit.
How many times can i top up?
is there a limit to top up?
what can i top up my card with for maximum?
how can i find out about my top up limit?
i need to find out what the limits are for top ups.
Is there any top up limits involved?
what is my top up limit?
And with top up, are there limit?
What is the max top-up?
What's your maximum top up limit per day?
I need to put some money on my card, how do I do that?
But what about the limit for top ups?
Is there a limit to my Top up?
Is there a topping up limit?
can i build my own top up limit?
Can I top up?
How much could I top up?
how many top ups can be approved?
what is the top up limit?
Do u limit my topoffs?
is the top up amount unlimited?
how many top ups can I use?
is there a maximum for top ups?
Will you set a limit to my top up?
is there a top up limit?
How often can I top up?
can anyone pls tell me how much i can top up?
what's the maximum for top ups?
u have any top up limits?
Do top ups have a limit, though?
can i top up any amount?
Can I use as many top ups as I want?
Do I need to use a limit on top ups?
How much CAN I top up?
can you tell me the limits for top ups???
I need someone to help me with explaining how much I can top up.
Whats the most i can top up?
Does there are limits on top ups?
what is the max i can top up?
How often can I top up my account?
what can i top up?
do you limit my top ups?
is there a limit on top ups?
what is the top up limit on my cards?
What's my limit for topping up?
what are the limit on top ups?
How much i could get cut off from topping up?
how much is the limit for top ups?
How much can I top up on my card?
Limits on top ups
What is the daily limit on my card?
What is the top up limit?
why did i only get partial amount of what i tried to withdraw?
I made the wrong atm transaction.
why did i only get 20.00?
why is my cash request and the amount I received different?
I tried to withdraw $100 but all it gave me was $20
The ATM didn't give me enough money.
the ATM gave me the wrong amount the app is showing a larger amount
I did not get the all the cash i wanted from the atm
i received $20, but i entered $100
hi i used an ambo today to take money out of my account, but it gave me not what i asked it to give me,
Did a WD earlier at an ATM... The amounts showing in the app is more than I got though.
I got money from the ATM machine which was not the right amount
ATM, some cash was missing.
I didn't get all the cash I asked for
I tried to withdraw $100 but got only $20 What happened?
how come when i ask for 100 it only give me 20.00 in the app
asked for $100, only got $20 why would this happen?
I wanted to withdraw 100 but got only $20.
i just got no money as I asked for
Hi, Please help me to request cash back. As i have been withdrawn money from ATM, but i got wrong amount. in Application its showing the amount i have been charged through.
The cash I wanted was not there.
I also wanted something extra for my cash withdrawal.
cash I got did not match what I requested
the ATM did not give me the full requested amount.
The amount of cash I got wasn't the full amount
How can I get cash back, it just gave me the wrong amount...
After i tried to withdraw $100 and they gave me only $20
I got less than I specified in the ATM.
I went to the ATM earlier today, didn't realize this till now, I didn't get all the money I requested I think my account was
I got less cash than I had specified at the ATM.
Why didn't I get the money I requested?
im at a ATM right now and it only let me withdraw 10 pounds instead of 30 how do i fix this?
I got $20, and I should've got 100.
how can i request cash back The ATM gave me the wrong amount that I've been charged though...
I didn't get the amount of cash I asked for for the ATM
my cash balance less than what I thought
It didn't give me my cash
it kept my cash
I tried to withdraw $100 but I got only 20
hey i draw some money from ac today.the ATM has given me wrong amount and the application is showing more than i withdraw.
i tried taking 30 pounds out from the ATM just now and it only gave me 10 why would it do that?i need the 30 pounds now
HELP.....I tryed to get cash....it gave me some....but not the right amount.
i am callin coz the ATM didn't give me the right amount of cash..but my app shows the actual amount i wanted
why did not i get the right amount of cash?
Why didn't I get the right amount of cash at the ATM?
I got the wrong amount of cash back.
Why did I only get $20 now the full amount I wanted?
I got cash and it was different
what do i need to do to get cash back the atm gave me the wrong amount i requested but the app is showing it correct
The atm actually gave me the wrong amount.....the app said the right amount...what do i need to do to request cash back?
I was giving the wrong amount at the ATM and how do i get cash back now.....the app is showing me the amount i asked for even
i normally dont use ATM but i was in a rush today and had to withdraw some cash.the ATM gave me the wrong amount of money
i got wrong amount of cash from an atm today and it was more than i wanted.......what do i do now?
ATM is broken.... it didn't give me the full 30 lbs... im standing here w 10 lbs...its tellin me... its
Why didnt the ATM give me all my money?
i didnt get the right amount of cash from the ATM.
Why did I get less from the ATM?
the aat only gave me 10 pounds when i withdrawn 30, what do i do?
machines make mistakes too... the ATM gave me the wrong amount of money...to much
The only money I could take was less than I expected.
i gotten less cash than i wanted.
Hello, I didn't receive the right amount on my ATM transaction,  the app shows the correct amount how can we fix this
i did not get my full withdrawal amount
But I received different cash then what I entered.
I got only $20... but I asked for $100.
help your app is showing a larger WD than I actually did earlier at an ATM.
I think something wrong went wrong, i didn't get the right amount.
if i got the wrong amount at the ATM what do i do?
I didn't get the amount of cash I requested.
i tryin to withdraw some money from a mt this morning and got the wrong amount.... your app says I have enough money a
what happens if the ATM doesn't give the right amount of money?
asked for more cash than received
why can't I take out $100?
I asked for $100 but I only got $20
I take out cash, but something must have gone wrong...my account shows the correct amount of cash I took out, but the ATM didn't give
i tried to withdraw my money but it doesn't show up?
I didn't get the money I needed.
I didn't get the correct amount of cash.
I didn't get enough cash.
I tried to withdraw money this morning but can't get the amount of cash I need....the app says that I had it deducted but I dont
a ATM is showing that it gave me money but I didnt get that amount.
The correct amount of cash was not received.
i am so angry right now... I went to the ATM and did not get the right amount of money I chose to withdraw....how could this happen
I was given the wrong amount of cash
and the atm did not give me all my money
Why didn't i get all the money i asked for, I asked for all the cash in my account and i only got about half
I didn't ask for the cash I got
got just $20 when i tried to withdraw $100.
The app says that i got alot more money than from the ATM today.
the ATM gave me less than I asked for.
Why didn't I get all the money I asked for?
i tried to withdraw 40 lbs, but only 20 came out, did you steal my money?
Yikes, I didn't get the money, what do I do now?
how can i request cash back...the aTM just gave me a different amount than what i've been charged though
i decided to withdraw 30 pounds, but only got 10. im still standing in front of the ATM, the app says that i took out 30 pounds
my cash isnt like the one requested.
I withdrawed but was not given the cash I deserved
I didn't get all the money I asked for... lol
the machine gave me the wrong amount of cash.
I asked for money out of the ATM but it gave me a different amount. Less than what i asked for.
i asked for $40 and i only got $20 what is up with that?
Why didn't i get the amount I asked at the ATM??
the adt didnt give me enough money...i asked for more than it gave,what should i do?
I got the wrong amount of cash
i haven't got my cash yet
I did get not all the cash at the ATM.
if atm only gave me 10 instead of 30 what do i do?
i took money out today.. and after checking app the amount is so much higher than the one i got
how did i get less cash than what I asked at the a ATM?
My cash withdrawal was short
I wasn't given the money that I asked for
the ATM shows a withdrawal of the amount of money I requested but I didn't revieve that amount in cash.
when I went to $100, all the machine would give me was $20
what happens if the ATM gives me a wrong amount of money?
i got no money but still i got charged
u shorted me money when i tried to withdraw.
I asked for 100 and I got 80
i got some cash at an ATM earlier... but now app shows that i withdrew more than i did...help?
Cash withdrawal wrong at ATM
i withdrew from an ATM today and now my account is showing a different amount than what I withdrew, I checked the
why did the ATM give me less money than I asked for?
I don't get the right amount of cash.
how can we help you arect a mistake on an ATM transaction?The app shows what I should have gotten....
Why couldn't I get what I specified at the ATM???
The ATM didn't give me what I asked for but my balance says it did
i got less cash than what i specified for through the ATM.
what happend..I asked for 30 pounds at ur atm and only went 10..the machine lied about it too..
The wrong amount of cash we sent to me.
I took out money and did not get all of it.
How can I get money back?The ATM just gave me the wrong amount that I've been actually charged though
i have withdrawn the money from an am today...it's a wrong sum of money, i could see that the app
I withdrawn 100, but only got 20
I asked ATM for money and it didn't give me as much as I wanted
Hey...I'm standing right in front of an ATM here...it only gave me 10 lbs.even though I wanted to withdraw 30,seem
$20 came out instead of $100
How can i fix this..... the ATM gave me more money than i asked for.
I couldn't get the cash I wanted
i wanted to take out $100 but i only got $20.
Help, the ATM didn't give me all the money I requested
The money i asked for still has not been received
i wanted $100 and only got $20
The ATM didn't give me the amount I asked for
where the rest of my money go from the ATM?
but at the ATM i got less cash than i asked for why.
the cash was limited at the time.
I didn't get my cash withdrawal completely complete
THE ATMO DIDN'Y GIVE ME ALL THE CHASH
The ATM is messed up It gave me less than I wanted.
I got the wrong amount of money from the ATM. Can you help?
ATM gave me 20 instead of $100
I got 20 when I tried to get $100
i needed $100 but all it gave me was $20
I tried pulling the money out at the adm and it gave me the wrong amount back.
Why did i only get $20 when i asked for $100?
The amount of cash i have received is not correct.
how do i get my money that i didnt get from the ATM?
Hi, today i a have withdrawn cash from a ATM and i got wrong amount and in the app it is showing much more amount
i didn't get all the money i asked for
the amt couldn't give me as much cash as I hoped.
How do I ask for cash back...the amt just gave me a different amount than what I got actually charged...
Why is my withdrawal wrong, I took out $100 and only got $20.
I asked for cash but I didn't get all the money
The ATM I'm standing in front of only gave me 10 pounds than the 30 pounds I wanted and the app shows I took out 30 pounds also...
i only got some of the cash i requested from the ATM
I am at the ATM and tried to withdraw 30 pounds but it only gave me 10 pounds, what do I do?
i got a wrong sum of money from my account
I didn't get the right amount of cash
i didn't get all my money back
I got some cash, but it wasn't the right amount.
How come the ATM is giving me less than i asked?
i tried to withdraw 50 pounds but it only gave me 30..wheres the rest of my money?
I went to the ATM, got less then I wanted....why??
I couldn't get the money i needed.
who should I contact if the amount of my withdrawal doesnt correspond with the amount that I tried to take out of my account?
i made an ATM withdrawal it didnt give me the amount I asked for but is showing a withdrawal for that amount.
So I JUST GOED TO AN ATM TO GET MONEY AND I INTENT THAT I NEEDED 100 pound BUT I
the money I pushed at the ATM machine did not come out of the machine.
I got less than i asked for in the ATM, why?
stuck here at ur broken a ATM and i dont know what to do next.Asked for 30 pounds, got 10.AMT said
A machine that paid me a hundred when i wanted 20
i paid with my card and there is some fee.
I got a fee I shouldn't have.
why am I getting a charged for using my card?
Tell me why is there a card payment fee?
i dont see why are i paying for using my card???
i paid with my card so why was there a transaction fee?
i shouldnt have been charged but i see a fee why?
i made a payment with my card and got charged a fee why would u do that.
I got a fee for paying with a card.
Well, when I bought stuff with my card, I had to pay a fee.
why does there a fee, when i thought there would be no fees?
why r there fees for using a card?
I had to pay money for paying with my card.
Im going on 6 weeks holiday in france with my family and Fluffy, i just purchased €10,000 from a exchange to keep it in order
why is there a fee for card payments?
I paid with a card and got charged a fee that shouldn't be there.
Why did I pay an extra charge to pay with card?
i saw a new fee on my account.i didnt know there was a fee for these payments.what is the policy?
i don't know why i was charged extra for this service can u clarify?
Why is there a fee for using my card?
Why was my transaction charged an extra fee when paying with my card?
where can i find fee structure for my account i hav been charged fees for some transactions but not for other ones cant find a pattern
why is there a fee on a card payment?
Why did I get charged a card payment fee?
Why r you charging me fees for using my card?
What is the extra fee that showed up on my card?
Why was my card charged a fee??
let me know when i get charged extra for payments i saw on the app a fee i wasn't forewarned
I was charged a fee to use my card can i check that in any way seems like sometimes that I am charged for fees can you elaborate this
I got charged a service fee on my account and I didn't know about it. can i get it waived?
I think a fee was applied for paying with a card.
I'm being charged for using my card
I bought something with my card, and I got charged a fee
I got charged extra for using the card, so why?
whats the reason why my payment was not free??
i mean is there a fee for paying by card?
who ever charged me a card fee?
I have a fee showing from last time I used my card.
Why is this a fee being charged to me after I use my card?
Why wasn't it obvious that you charge for payments? If you put the fees in an easy to read format, this could have been avoided.
but i dont know why, why am i charged fees in certain transactions and on some others?what's wrong with me, i can
I paid it with the card, and there is a fee?
is it normal to be charged an extra fee when paying with my card?
Why was there a fee for paying by card?
How did the extra charge on my card come about?
Please tell me why I was charged additionally when I used the card.
I bought with my card and I got charged for using it.
I had to pay the fee for using card
Why was I charged extra when paying with the card?
i have NEVER been charged a card payment fee before why did this change
what can i pay with out fees
WHY am I paying this?
I thought it was free to shop, why did I have to pay?
there was an extra charge when i used my card
what is this card payment fee?
i saw on my app that fee was from one of my payments, and i wasnt sure where it came from, is there way to tell
why was i charged for payments? you didn't warn me about additional fees.
i have used my card online before and wasnt charged, why am i charged now?
I payed with my card and got charged an extra fee, what the heck is up with that???
I used my card and there was a fee
i am tired of getting charged fees and I have no idea why, please let me know what/when you charge fees for.
How come I get fee on card payment?
hi, im new to this...any additional fees or charges that I should be aware of?i was looking through the app and I thought I saw something
i noticed that i got charged extra for using the card.
i paid with a card and there is an extra charge why??
why am i getting a fee for using my card??
sometimes you add a fee to the payment or some don't.. any idea when they'll add a fee?
I have a fee I didn't know about,why do you charge me more for card payments?
i got a fee when i pay with my card
why is there a fee for a payment on my card?
When I used my card I got charged...why?
what was i charged for my card payment?
What is that extra charge?
why did i have to pay extra cuz i paid with my card?
I WANT TO SEE WHAT THIS FEE IS ON MY CARD.
I just checked the app earlier and it said that there was an extra charge on one of the payment that I wasn't told about.
how do i avoid charges in the future
a extra fee has been added to my card payment, is this correct?
i paid with my card so why the extra charge??
Why do I have to pay extra for using my card?
Unbeknownst to me, there was an additional charge on my prior transaction. A notification of sorts should be required and explained before future payments are made.
I paid with my card and got charged extra
my account was charged a fee. When did you start charging extra for card payments?
Explain the extra fee on my card when paying
I was charged and I shouldn't have been charged when using my card
I have a fee i don't know why
i got charged money for using my card
Why was my card charged so much?
my card shows a fee when i use it...i think it's supposed to be fee free??
if i paid with the card.. it had an extra fee...
i think i was wrongly charged in a recent transaction when I used my card.
i have been charged a fee I didnt know this fee before..when do you charge extra for card payments?
I was spending cash with my card and got a fee
what are these fees i'm paying?
why am I ebnly charged a card payment fee?
Why I was charged an extra fees with a card?
why is there a fee for debit or credit card payment?
Am I being charged for making a payment?
why do some of my payments have fees i dont understand.
Why had to pay an extra amount when using my card?
I paid with my card and was charged a fee
I got charged for using my card.
When I paid with card, I was charged a hidden fee.
Why does it cost more to pay with my card?
does anyone have places to check fee for payments...i feel like im getting charged too much at times.
i need to know when i am charged extra for payments please. I looked over the app earlier and noticed an extra feel related to one of the
Why was I charged extra when payin with card?
why am I charged a fee for using my debit or credit card?
I'm getting fees for some payments so i'm curious where are they disclosed
why was it more expensive when i payed with my card?
i just made an order and noticed an extra fee. Why have you charged me this without informing me?
I didn't know I was going to get charged to use my card
i was charged an extra fee when buying from your store...why is this?
What is this extra fee I got when I used my card to pay?
was i charged extra for using my card?
let me know when applying extra charges for payments i just checked the app and saw a fee that i wasnt warned about.
why was i charged extra for card use?
why did i get charged extra?
i paid with card and i got a fee
i purchased it but i never expected a fee
i used my card and it charges?
My card was charged more than expected.
where can i check is there a fee added to my payment?are there specific cases of fee added?
why am i charged a fee to use my card?
Why was I charged extra using my card?
how was i charged extra when using my card?
and when do i get charged for using the card?
I see I was charged extra when I used the card... what is it??
Why was I charged a card fee??
why the extra fee when I used that card?
Let me know when you charge for payments, I just checked the app and saw a fee that I wasn't warned about.
What's the charge for paying with my card??
I paid with my card and ended up getting charged a fee
Why is there a fee on card payments?
i did not know they were adding it to my previous payment but i would love to know
I don't think I shouldve got charged a fee to use my card.
a fee that shouldn't be there is there after using my card
how do i see what fees on my account?i've noticed fees on some transactions, but not on others...this is very confusing...i
Why do I get charged more for using my card?
i see a fee that i think was charged because I paid by card
How much does it cost me to make a transaction?
how much did I have to pay to use my card?
why was the fee on my bill when i used my card?
Why was I charged fees for using my card?
How can I check how much free spending I have left, I have some big purchases coming up and want to know where to look for any info
I was charged fees when I bought stuff with my card
I had to pay extra to make a purchase with my card.
what is the fee for using my card?
I just saw a fee on my account.. When do these get charged?
is it normal if I use my card to get charged extra?
this fee should not be there after i paid with a card
why am I paying a fee on my card?
Why did I get charged more for using my card?
I just bought a thing with my card... and it cost me extra...so why?
i am not happy that i get charged for using my card...
i want to know why do i pay an extra fee when i use my card.
is there a fee for payment if so let me know.
Tell me why i would have to pay a fee for a recent payment thanks.
Why was I charged a fee for debit or credit card payment?
why did i get charged when I used my card?
why do I need to pay a small fee to use my card??
I was charged an extra fee for a card payment, I didn't know of them.
Why is it payable to use cards??
What is this fee showing up in my account for?
for paying with my card i got charged for a fee tho.
Why am I being charged a card payment fee?
Is there any way around fees?
I noticed an extra fee on my card....lol
you advertise no fee when paying with a card, and my statement shows a fee
when i paid with my card there was an extra fee, why was i charged this extra fee?
y was there extra fee on the one i just made i dont usually have extra fees on my payments
what is this extra charge w my purchase?
Hey, I got charged an extra fee randomly today when i was shopping online, no idea why..are there extra fees for card payments?or
I paid with the card.... what is the extra fee.
When do you charge fees for accounts, I just saw a charge on my statement.
after using my card I saw I was charged a fee for using it
is there an allowance on cards?
Why am I being charged a hidden fee?
why did you charge me extra when i used the card?
Why did I get a fee on my card?
do u have charges now when u pay with a card??
what's the extra fee when i used the card?
Why am I charged a fee for using my card on some purchases?
why am i being charged a fee for using my card? If there is some print out of places that charge me can you please send me that
how do i tell if there's a fee or not?
you promised no fees... but now I've got one...WTF??
how do i know which payments i make will have additional fees?where can i find this info online.
I am worried that too much time has gone by for a transfer to be completed.
What does it typically take for a transfer to get through?I have a friend who is needing it ASAP but it hasn't come
That person i sent money to can't see it
i sent a friend some money today she really needs it...but it still is pending.
i did that in the country the day before yesterday but it still aint there. can you check what's going on with that,
i did a transfer in ur country the day before yesterday but still not there, can you please check what's going on with that account
my money hasn't came yet
i sent money and they haven't even received it yet.
i dont know where the transaction is
i transferred money and the recipient did not see the money in their account?
why hasnt a friend transaction cleared yet?
it isn't showing my transactions
Why doesnt the recipient see the transaction, i just sent the money.
i transferred money, it didn't get there...
is there a reason why a recipient might not see my money transaction?
I'm not seein the one i made to a friend on my account
why has a transaction to a friend been delayed?
i did a transaction to my friend hasn't arrived yet why?
Where my last money transaction?
Im having a issue with a country transfer I did a few days ago and it has yet to appear in my account.I checked to be
I made a transfer the day before yesterday in this country. It is still not showing up at all. I have double checked and the account number is
I've sent my friend money and I haven't received it...how long does it take to process?
A transaction to a friend still hasn't shown up.
i sent money and the recipient has not received their money after two weeks.
How long will it take for my transfer to arrive?
Why didn't the money go to another person?
i sent a payment but not showing up in the app
i tried to transfer some money but it hasn't done it yet so whats up?
i made a transfer and they haven't received the money i sent them.
How long does it take to transfer money my retailer is wait
I sent money to someone and they haven't gotten it whats going on?
how long does it take to process transfers?i sent money to a friend and she says she has not received it yet...
Why didn't my friend get it from me yet??
i send money about 5 days ago and the recipient has not received the money yet.
Im just waiting on the transaction done
my cash transaction is not showing on my account
why hasn't my transaction gotten to me.
when you going to move the money?
I have moved to a new house and set up a rent payment to my landlord, it was supposed to be in her account a few days ago but it hasn't arrived.  I definitely sent it to the right place, can you confirm where the money is?
i need to check status, my friend has not got money I sent.
how long does it take to have it over?is there some way to speed up?my friend is in NEED of that money
where's my money receipt?
money is not in recipients account.
i have sent some to a friend and it hasnt gone through yet how long does it take for money to transfer?
How come my friend havent got the transaction I did to her there yet?
how much time do transfers take?i sent money to a friend who needs it fast...its been hours, and the money has not gone through.
how long should a transfer take to process completely?i have a friend that needs it right away but its been 2 hours already and she still has
My friend says he hasn't got it yet
what is the length of a transaction completion?
i transferred some cash but it hasnt arrived yet.
i need to transfer some money to a friend who is urgently in need of some fast cash how long will it take before she can use that
two days ago i did a transfer to another account in the country, and it doesn't appear the transfer went through. I have verified the
where did the money go?
when will the transaction be done??
I have moved money to my mom 2 days ago...she still hasn't got it, I double checked the info and it looks right,
Why is a transfer taking so long?
Why is it taking so long for my transfer?
im just waiting for the transaction to be complete.
how long do i have to wait for my transaction to go through?
i did a money transaction...and the recipient doesnt see it
i sent my friend money but they havent received it yet
I sent my rent money to my landlord and she said it hasn't arrived. Can you trace the transfer that I made to make sure it got
Why didn't my friend's transaction arrive yet?
Still waiting for transfer to be done
I transferred money but it isn't here yet
What do I do if i complete a money transfer but the recipient hasn't received it?
i did it within the country a couple of days ago but its still not there tho...can u please check what's on
i'm still waiting for a transaction.
Why hasn't a transaction I did to my friend come in yet?
i set up a payment to a new payee and sent some money but the person I'm sending to has not received it,
my new landlord says he hasnt received the rent payment that I transferred a couple days ago. I've already checked the account numbers and
Can't see if the transfer I did a couple days ago is in my account yet...I double checked my info before sending, too...
My transfer hasn't came.
How long does it take for a transfer to go through?
And what happens if the money don't appear on the receiving side?
trying to pay my new landlord..even though it was sent just a few days ago, it isn't clearing on their side..
i've waited 2 days for a transfer to reach a retailers account, am i going to have to wait longer?
my friend hasnt got the money i sent last week
Why can't the person I sent the money transfer see it?
the money is not in recipient account yet
Im getting worried here, I sent a friend some money and she doesnt see it, whats up?
i completed the i transfer the day before yesterday in this country but still don't complete i check on the account number multiple times to make
i made a transfer for my rent payment about 2 days ago my landlord hasn't received it yet it shows as done on my side
Why hasn't it come?...I did to my friend
i'm waiting for my transaction to complete.
Why hasn't my friend got the transaction?
I transferred money but it hasn't come yet.
Why hasn't my son got the one I sent him?
how long does money transfer take?my friend really needs the money i sent a couple of hours ago but its not there yet.
Why hasn't money got here yet?
i havent recieved it yet
how long do it take transfer to arrive?
How come my money hasn't showed up yet?
Hello, a few days ago I transferred my rent check to my landlord, however, he is saying that it has not gone though. On my end everything looks fine and I double checked the account number. Is there anything else that could be holding up the check?
Why can't the person receiving my money see it?
the recipient doesn't see the money transaction I made.
how long will my transaction take?
how long should transfer go through i've been waiting a while.
I accidentally entered my retailers info, what should I do next
I just transferred some cash and it didn't come.
Wheres my transferred money?
i tried doing an in country transfer earlier this week, thought it would be there by now but i still don't see the money.can
is there a reason a payment is showing complete on my side but the person who is receiving it has not gotten it?
ive checked a alot to make sure the account is listed the right one after trying to make a transfer within the country the day
I've had some money transfer but it hasn't come.
Why is the transaction taking so long to complete?
My transfer isn't in
i sent money to my family last friday but they don't have it
When will I get my money Its been too long....
why did not my transfer get to the recipient?
I haven't received money from a transfer?
i sent a payment a couple days ago it shows done, but it haven't been received, please help me out...
I pay my rent a few days ago, and he is saying it never went though, everything looks good to me, I even double checked the
My transaction hasn't been received. When are you gonna process it?
hey, I sent my landlord my rent money a few days ago and while everything seems good on my end, he says that he never
My cash transaction has not showed up on my receipt
I have not received my transfer yet
i did a money transaction but i dont have a receipt
i have a friend who needs money as soon as possible.if i are to transfer, how long will it take to get to her?
Why hasn't my friend's transaction arrive yet?
Hi - I have made a transaction to my new landlord but unfortunately it shows on my end but not on the landlord's end. The numbers are correct. Can you confirm when that will go through?
I sent money to someone but they haven't got it yet.
How long before I get my money from my transfer?
And the recipient wouldn't get my transfer.
Recipient has not received the money
The recipient cant find funds
Why haven't I got my transfer yet?
My new landlord is a lier and is trying to rip me off...they say I've not paid my rent when I have..
i made a transfer to my friend earlier and she hasnt received it yet.What's the hold up?
i just moved out from my old house 2 weeks ago and cancelled my direct debit to my old landlord and this direct debit was working fine, now
Why is the transaction to my friend still pending?
the day before yesterday, i did a transfer within the country..it still has not completed..can you check on that..the
i have checked account information multiple times to be sure that it is correct, but the in country transfer I did a few days ago still hasn
i did a transfer inside the country the day before yesterday, but it has not gone through, can you check on that..the account number
that day before yesterday i moved funds and still haven't come.i checked the account and it was the same as it used.why has
why didnt the one I sent money 2 see that transfer yet?
i sent funds to my girlfriend and she says she hasnt seen any approved funds in her account.
How long will it be  before the person I sent money to is able to see it?
Im still waiting on it.
what is the time for a transfer?
I dont see my receipt
why hasnt my transaction been done??????
I did send some cash but the account hasn't recived the transfer I made.
I'm still waitin for the transaction to be done
I have a friend who has an urgent need for money, how long will it take to get to her?
i did send a payment but the person i sent it to said they don't have it
I have made a transfer in the country the day before yesterday but it is not there yet. Can you please check whats up w that the
i need to verify a payment to my new landlord. I transferred the first rent payment a few days ago and while it shows on my side
i've been waiting since friday where's my money?
I sent some money, but the recipient says it hasn't arrived
i made my rent payment and have double checked that i sent it to the right account...the person receiving it says he hasnt received
i just did a money transaction and its not showing they received it.
why hasnt my friend got my transaction yet.
i just transferred my friend money, but she hasnt received it yet, and it's been a few hours, can you tell me
how long will my newest transfer take to be thru, the recieve needs the money fast.
my recipient hasn't received the money.
when will my transfer arrive?
i just sent money but the person i sent it to doesn't see it what happened?
Why hasn't my transaction been completed?
Why hasn't the transaction i did arrive yet?
why isn't the transfer I made to a friend showing?
Why is my friend not getting a transaction arrival yet?
how long a friend transaction will take?
why hasn't my in country transfer gone thru yet i confirmed the account info a couple days ago but the payment hasn't been
i did a UK transfer just 2 days ago and still dont show up.. ive checked that the account is correct i hav
so how can I see my money transaction?
I sent a transfer to a friend who needs it urgently.. It already has been 2 hours and still hasn't come through to
i did transfer money but it didnt arrive
Why is my transfer taking so long?I thought it was supposed to take 1 day if I made a transfer to someone,can you wee
i sent some money to someone a couple of hours ago and they still have not receive it. They really need the money, how much longer are
how long do transfers take? i sent money to a friend who needs it urgently it's been hours and it has not gone through.
how do i use american express for my top up?
what do u accept for adding money?
is my credit card supported for top ups?
Am I able to add money into my account using my American Express?
can i use my american express card to add money into my account?
Can you tell me which currencies i can use to add money
but i wanna use my american express for adding money to my account
How do I add money in what currencies?
what are the accepted currencies for adding funds?
how do i transfer money from american express card?
what cards and currencies are accepted?
how can I top my card up with another card?
use my credit to add money
what kinds of currencies do you accept?
Do u accept any card and currency?
can i use my mastercard 2 add money 2 my account
what types of cards and money do u accept?
How can I fund another account with my American Express?
which currencies do you accept to add money?
how do i top up my account and what currency can i use?
Will my other US credit card be accepted?
can i top up from a usa credit card
How can I get my American Express funds into my account?
what cards and currencies are supported?
what is the currency and cards with my account?
What currency can I use to add money?
Can I use a US credit card to top up?
why don't u accept american express for adding money to my account
what cards and currencies you support?
what do u accept for paying?
i have only one other credit card from the us do you accept that?
What currencies are permitted to add money?
i want to use my american express to put funds in my account.
i have another card from the US. Will you be able to accept that one?
i want to use a payment card to top up my account,how do i do this?
Can I use American Express?
i'd prefer my american express when putting money into my account.
what currencies can i use?
what cards can i use to add money to my account
what currency and methods can I use to top up my account?
Is it supported for american express to add money?
do u accept credit cards from the us?
Can you accept my other card from the US its the only other one i have.
Do you accept MasterCard?
i'm adding money, what currencies do you accept to do this?
which currencies do you handle?
what currencies can i use to add money to my account
Are there cards that you support or currencies?
why wont my american express work to add money
What currencies can i use for adding money?
can i use any card and currency?
what kinda cards do they support and what currency do they have?
what us cards do you accept i have 1 other
i have a second credit card from the us will u take it?
what cards do you accept to top up my account?
What currencies do you accept for adding money?
Can I top off with a debit card?
I wanna deposit money, what are the payment options?
Are cards from the US accepted?
i'd like to use my american express to put money in my account
what currency can i use to top up my account??
do u accept all card and currencies?
I have one other credit card from the US so do you take that?
What credit card top ups do you accept?
if i top up by card....what about currency and card type?
what currencies are accepted to add money?
i want to add money to my card what payment options are you offering?
What are my pay options?
i have American Express can i send funds via ems transfer?
Can i top my card with other cards?
I have one other credit card from the U.S. Do you take it.
Can I use my American Express to add money to my account?
what are the cards and currencies you support?
What US credit card do you accept?
Which currencies do you accept to add money to my account?
I have a american express i wanna put some cash into my account.
What forms of payment do you accept?
what kind of card can i use to top up?
do you have a list of card and currency that you support?
i want to top up on my credit card, which ones do you support?
I have a US credit card will you accept it?
wat currencies or cards do you support?
how do i add money from my amex card to top up
what cards and currencies can I use to top up my account?
Will you accept my credit card?
if you will accept my credit card it's my only one.
If I want to add funds using American Express, how do I do that?
i just got one more card from america... do you support that?
i try american express to add money to my account but it dont work why?
what cards are ok to top up?
what types of cards can I use to top up?
Help me use American Express to add some money to the account.
What cards and currencies can I use?
What currency do you accept for a top up?
What other credit cards can I use?
what are the payment methods of top up?
how can i add money from my amex card
but i have a card from the us is that ok?
is American Express accepted?
Which currencies do you work with??
Can I use the app for any currency?
for adding money, which currencies do you accept?
How can I pay for top ups?
is American Express supported for adding money to my account?
can you tell me what cards and currencies are supported?
i wanna top up via credit card... which cards are you compatible with??
I only have one more us credit card is it accepted?
If I want to top up by card how do I do it?
i want to know which currencies and cards are supported, can you provide a list?
i want to top up by card... what do u support??
can i add money with a card from america
to top up my account What are the payment methods supported?
How can I use my American Express to add money to my account?
What a card or currency can I use to pay a thing?
my card is wanting to be topped what do you guys support?
do you accept from usa credit card?
what currency can i pay for a top up
do you have a list of the cards and currencies support?
what are the different currencies and cards that you offer support for?
What currencies can you top up with?
do i have to top up in euros if i use a card or can i use a different currency?
What cards do you support
what are the currencies that u can add money in?
what type of cards and currency do you support?
Which cards do you support for top up?
to top up my card please which y'all support?
Do you accept US credit cards?
i need to know if you'll accept my credit card.
i wanna add money to my account.......what payment methods are accepted??
I want to order a virtual card, where can I get one?
I need to order a new virtual card, how do i do that?
how do i sign up for a virtual card?
I haven't received my virtual card yet
Can u give me a virtual card?
I want to get my hands on one of those virtual cards
i need a virtual card
how do i get to virtual cards?
wanna know how to get the virtual card
where is my virtual card?
Where are virtual cards?
can i order a virtual card?
how do i get my virtual card
I don't have a virtual card, so how do i get one?
how to get virtual card?
why haven't i gotten a virtual card yet?
Where do I order a virtual card?
Can I have a virtual card?
explain to me how i get a virtual card
my virtual card hasnt arrived yet.
Which part of the app do I order virtual cards from?
where can i get a virtual card?
how to order a virtual card
where do i get a virtual card?
Why havent I been given a virtual card yet?
Can you help me find a virtual card?
how do I get a virtual card?
Where's my virtual card
how can I order a virtual card?
where can I get the virtual card?
i don't want to use my card what can i do to get a virtual card?
What do i have to do to get my virtual card?
can i get a virtual card from my app
how can i get a virtual card?
im interested in getting a virtual card how do i get one?
what do u need to do to get a virtual card?
how can i get a virtual card?
when will my virtual card come?
how do i get my virtual card?
how to get virtual card
what's the best way to get my virtual card?
I need to buy something online, where's my virtual card?
I look but I don't see any virtual card Why?
hello what is a virtual card and how do i get one?
how come i didnt get a virtual card yet?
how many virtual cards can i have i want 8
How do I get a virtual card on my device?
how can I access the virtual card?
i'd like more info on getting a virtual card
do i get to have one of those virtual cards i've heard about?
where can i have a virtual card
i would love one of the virtual cards
i would like to order a virtual card.
But i have yet to get my virtual card
how long will it take to get a virtual card?
Why didn't I get a virtual card yet?
i can't find the virtual card
Can you help me to get a virtual card?
i would like one of the virtual cards
how come I didn't get a virtual card yet
and do you have virtual cards instead of physical ones?
How do I get a virtual card?
I haven't got a virtual card yet.when do I get a card??????
Can I order my virtual card from?
Where can you order virtual cards?
how can i locate the virtual card?
how long do you have to wait to see your virtual card you ordered?
i'd like a virtual card.
How do I get my virtual card
Where can I sign up for a virtual card?
Where can i get a virtual card
i'm asking, uh are there virtual cards?
I need a virtual card order, can you help?
I ordered a virtual card... it hasnt come through yet
Is there any way to get a virtual card?
I have not received my virtual card yet do ya know why?
Why hasnt my virtual card arrived?
what is a virtual card and how do i get one?
i lost my card, but need to order online how can i get a virtual card instantaneously
I've got to have one of those virtual cards
where's my virtual card?
Why haven't I received my virtual card yet?
Where could I order a virtual card?
i need a new card can u point me to the virtual cards
i want my virtual card
I haven't received my virtual card yet...
How do I get a virtual card?
i heard you have virtual cards how do i get one
i want a virtual card...how do i get one?
Explain the Virtual Card
I like to know where can I order a virtual card?
whats a virtual and how do i get one
why hasn't my virtual card come yet?
Is there a way to order a virtual card on the website?
Is there an alternative to a physical card?
Tell me how to get a virtual card.
i didnt get my virtual card yet, why?
Where can I find a virtual card?
Is there anywhere where I can't use my card?
In which stores can I shop with this card?
How do I know where I can use my card?
Can I tell what business will take this card?
Are there businesses that don't accept this card?
Is the card welcome by everyone?
do you have a list of businesses that accept this card?
What businesses accept this card?
What retailers accept my card?
what businesses accept this card?
Will this card work all over the world?
IT WHAT IS THE ATMOSPHHERE OF IT?
what kind of businesses will take my card?
where do i pay with my debit or credit card?
Can I pay online with my card?
Do you know which businesses can take my card?
who accepts the card?
you accept my card?
is my card accepted anywhere?
Is my card denied anywhere?
where can i use my card?
So... where can i use my mastercard?
where is card accepted
where can i pay with my card?
where can i use my card?
is my card valid everywhere?
which ones accept my card?
are there limits on businesses that will accept this card?
Any place that takes Mastercard would be fine.
Is there a list of places I can use my card?
what are the limits on where my card can be accepted?
can I use my card wherever I want?
Where can I pay from my card?
what does my card accept
Can I use my card while on vacation overseas?
is there any places that won't take my card?
which merchant accepts my card?
you can use it anywhere that accepts Mastercard
is there restrictions on where I can use my card?
can i use my card for online payments?
?whats the limit to where I can accept my card?
where do i pay with my card?
but which merchants accept this card??
is there anything limite to where I can use my card?
at what places accept my card?
wats can i use my card in?
What places accept my card?
Can I use my card no matter where I go?
Will my card work at all merchant locations?
how can I know where my card is accepted?
can i pay anywhere with my card?
Can I use my card anywhere?
Where can I use this card?
what businesses can I use this card with?
do all business take this card?
Where is this card accepted?
What businesses accept my card?
can i use this card at any store?
Is there any restrictions on where i can use this card?
my top up dithers not show up the way it supposed to and my money has vanished can you help me fix this glitch problem?
has my top up been cancelled?
I topped up recently and saw the money go through but now its just gone whats up with that?
why did my top up get cancelled?
and i think my top up reverted
has my top up gone thru?
i went to top up my card and it was cancelled.
I didn't cancel my top up.
I have a reverted top up i made and wanted to know why it didn't go through
i think my top up was reverted
My money gone I topped up recently and saw it there and went through but now it's gone, whats up with that?
Hi I've tried using crypto top up but it's not working I had some money in my account but i'm not sure what happened
Why did my top up get reverted?
What brought my top up back?
What happened to my top up, all done and gone? Are you having issues with your system?
Why was my top up reverted?
Seems like my top-up has been cancelled
it seems like my top up has been cancelled.
my money has disappeared, i had just added money in and saw it was there, went through,now its gone what is going on??
Something is wrong my top up is gone, and I don't know what happened to my money
My money is nowhere to be found? I talked up earlier and seen it. Now it has vanished. What is going on?
my top-up was cancelled and i am writing to ask if i need to complete the 3D Secure authentication section before i submit it
how come i can't put money in my top up account?
why was my top up reverted?
but my top up was reverted, can u help?
My top up was supposed to be done, but now there is no money...is there a glitch in your system or something?
Why would I have my top up reverted?
If I tried make a topup, it was cancelled, why is that???
Did you revert my top up?
the app declined my top up. What did I do wrong?
i think my top up is cancel.. what was the reason?
I think you reverted my top up.
I need someone to find out where my money has gone, it has disappeared....I did a top up earlier and saw it went through...Sin
For some reason the money i added was returned
Why didn't my top up work?
I went to look at my topup and it canceled, can you tell me why?
how did my top up get cancelled?
did you lose my money?i added them through top up not long ago and i know they were in my account but they appear to have disappeared.
what happened to my topup i think was cancelled.
Why did my top up get reverted?
Why wont my top up go thru?
why did i have that money back
why isn't topup working, my top up money disappeared after I saw that it was successfully transferred is it gone and where did it go?
My money is gone...i had topped up recently and saw it was there and went through, but now it disappears... what is going on??
i did a topup successfully but its not showing in balance I think there is some problem in system.
i put some money into my account the other day and now its gone why is this?
My thoughts are that you offered crypto top up, which seems to be not seeming to be working, the money has now been taken from my account,
my money is gone i had topped up recently and saw it was there and went through but now it's disappeared...whats up
i think my top up could have been reverted, what do i do?
what's my top up status?
if i top up, the app reverts it.
why has my top up been cancelled
y what the problem...i thought you offered crypto top up...this dont seem to be working at all.....my money has disappeared from my account...
i thought you offer crypto top up but it doesnt seem to be right... Money just disappeared from my account...how would it work?
Why is my top up shown as cancelled?
Why does my top up get cancelled?
the app reverted what I topped up.
I was checking my statement and my top up has been reverted
My money gone I had topped it up recently and saw that it was there but now it disappeared, what's up?
My top up got rejected, why?
i asked why a top up i made has been reverted
what should i do i had topped off but the app reverted it.
i thought crypt top up with something you offer but it's not working it's been deducted from my account, can you find out
Hi I did a topup but my money got reverted check this matter out
my top up has been reverted and i want to know why.
How can I tell if my top-up has been cancelled?
When i top up it seems like it has reverted.
I think my top up was reversed
I refilled my account balance...but I got an error message.
My money disappeared from my account...I topped it up the other day and it was there... but now it's not...HELP????
Why is my top up showing as reverted?
my top up got cancelled could my bank be the problem?
HI,you offer crypto top up...but it doesnt seem to be working,money just disappeared from my account...what should be done now?
Why did you revert my top up?
my topup got reverted please let me know if there is any issue in system.
The app reverted my top up...
why was my top up cancelled?
how do i know if my top up was reverted?
top up cancellation
i thought you had crypto top up but it doesn't seem to be working.the money has disappeared from my account so i have to know
I topped up and now my money is not there anymore, what happened to it?
explain why my top up has been reverted please
if my topup didnt transfer, what went wrong?
Why has my money disappeared, I topped up earlier, saw it was there and went through, what seems to be the problem?
My top up may have been reverted.
Hi there, I came across a problem with my top up and my money is missing, Was there a system error?
what was it that caused my top up to be reverted??
I got an cancelation error when I was topping up.
Why didn't my top up go through
When I topped up the app reverted it.
why was my top up declined?
why didn't my top up get accepted and where did that money go at first it said it had been confirmed but now I can't find it
The app reverted my top up.
why is my top up back at my account?
I topped up but the app didnt approve
after i topped up, the app reverted.
i have an issue with transaction. I topped up my account and saw it went through, but that was a few days ago and the money
why did my money disappear when i topped up???
I have a canceled topup and wanted to know about it.
what could cause me to lose my top up?
why isn't my top up showing, was the money reversed?
What if my top up is reverted?
i wanna know but i think you offered cryto top up and it just doesn't seem to be working and money gone
I have gotten my top up reverted... Why?
well, i need help...i thought you guys accepted crypto top ups?? it won't seem to let me do it...i put money
my top up was just cancelled.
can u explain to me why a top up would be reverted?
I topped up but my money isn't showing Why is that?
my automatic top up couldn't work
My top up was cancelled, looks like it
Hi,I tried to top up and thought it worked but now the money isn't in my account. Can you explain?
reasons for top up cancellation.
please help me... my top up amount has been reverted...i did it right, I think theres some defect in system
Do you support top ups?
why didn't my top up go through?
explain why my top up would be reverted
why did you revert my top up?
I thought crypto top up with something you offered and it doesn't appear to be working even though the money has disappeared out of my account. Can you
is there a reason why my top up was cancelled?
the app reversed a top off I had. What should I do?
What happened to the money that I deposited?
What's the deal...money has just disappeared out of my account...I thought you offered crypto top up and it doesn't seem to be working
tell me how top up would be reverted
But I noticed the funds are back in my bank account so what did this mean?
Why have my top ups been canceled?
what did you do with my money....i just topped up and saw the money was there, but now its gone...what did you do with it
I want to know why my top up was reverted
i cant use my topup on the app, what can u tell me??
so i was to think you had an offer for crypto top up. that isn't working now that the money has just gone off my account
My money is missing, help??
Hey there, i tried crypto top up today but thats not working for me maybe because of the bank i am using or country I'm
But it looks like my top ups have been canceled.
Do you not accept crypto transfers from certain places? Because when I tried to do a top up the money just disappeared. Im not sure what to do or what I'm doing wrong, please help.
I tried to top up, and thought all went well, now it's gone again. Is there a glitch?
my money has gone missing.... I had recently added money in and saw it was there and went through...now its missing... What is happening??
i tried to add a topup to my account but the money isnt there anymore did i do something wrong?
its only been a few weeks since my top up got cancelled.
Hi I just topped up my phone and the money was deducted but it seems to have deducted the same amount again....help
Explain top up cancellation
Why did my top up get pulled back out?
Why has my top up gone back?
Hi, I've recharged top up but account is not credited please help me in this, i guess there's some a
Reverted top up
hmm.. i already did my 3D secure adinging when i tried the crypto top up but still not working for
why the cancellation on my top up???
Why didn't my top up get approved this time?
why is my last cheque deposit taking so long?
i deposited it this morning and now im still waiting on the cash.
I've tried a check to update my balance but it doesn't work is there anything wrong here?
I deposited some money, but it's not showing up on my account
i put some cash in my account but it's not displaying that on my balance.
Why hasnt my money been deposited yet?
Hi, i want to know how much I have, I got some cash deposited and it hasn't updated yet.
I deposited a check yesterday, and im not seeing it posted yet in my account, why is that?can you look into it?
I just made a deposit a couple of days ago but its not gone in yet.... Help me with this one
the cheque i sent a few days ago hasnt been deposited yet, what is the hold up?
cash and check deposit has not gone thru
i deposit a cheque and yet i still haven't changed my balance
Why didn't my cash deposit show up?
But why is my money not in my account.. i have already sent it out
i put cash in my account and can't see it yet
I don't see my cash deposit showing up in my account.
Last week i put the cash in my account and it is still not there.
i checked the app and my balance is not updated for the cash or cheque deposit.
I put some money in my account the other day, and it's not gone in yet, can u help me with this?
i did a cash deposit to my account but it doesnt show up
I don't see my cash deposit in my account.
I deposited some cash and it still hasn't gone up...
where is my cash deposit?
I can't figure out why i haven't gotten my cash, even tho I already put the check in the bank.
why is my deposit pending?
i did a cash deposit...the balance didnt seem updated yet
i did a cash deposit to my account but my balance is still the same what happened?
I just deposited cash and can't find it
online banking is not showing my cheque or cash deposit so the balance is wrong.
i need help i updated my balance with a check yesterday and im not seeing it can you look at my account to see what went wrong?
when will my cheque be processed?
What if I deposit a cheque accidentally?
Why doesn't my cheque deposit show on my account?Ithough that would be faster so...I'd check it out and try to help
when my deposit from this morning will show up?
i try updating by cheque yesterday... but don't seem to be working shouldn't that be faster... check my account...something goes
Where is my missing cheque I deposited?
my balance doesnt show my deposit
my account balance doesnt reflect an update I made by cheque yesterday. is something wrong or is the system slow?
i made a deposit and no update on the balance.
I have yet to receive the cash I added to my account this morning.
why isnt my cash deposit showing up in my account?
i deposited some cash but it has not shown up in my account yet, whats going on?
i deposited a cheque, but it hasnt come.
I sent money out already and still haven't gotten money in my account.
A check and cash I just deposited but that didn't make it into my balance
I've put a cheque, but still don't have any
i send you a cheque a couple days ago, but i haven't seen it yet, whats wrong?
The balance hasn't changed but I deposited some
i'm concerned about the amount of my cheque, which should be credited to my account few days before...I've already sent you the
i need my account checked its looks like there is a problem and tried taing my balance yesterday using cheque it nnot seems to
Ive got a check deposited but it isn't there yet.
waiting for the cash i deposited this morning still waiting for it.
I put cash in my account, but I don't see it.
where did the money I deposited go?
i sent the cheque a couple days ago but nothing happened to my account yet...what could be wrong?
i deposited cash a few days ago but it still doesnt show up in my account do you know what might have happened?
why isnt the cash in my account for the check I've deposited?
And when my check will get to my account?
how do I see my updated balance after I make a cheque or cash deposit?
why doesnt my money get put into my account?
where is my cash deposit in my balance?
dude i put money in the ATM last week, but it aint there I need the money now figure this out
i deposited cash this morning, but it's not showing up in my account, can you tell me where's my money?
How long does it take to post a cheque to your account?
Why has my account balance not changed after depositing a cheque?
where is my cash deposit?
why is the balance still the same after a cheque deposit.
why is my check not showing up on my account, its been a week already.
How come when I deposit cash and cheques, my balance is not always up to date?
my money is not in my account, what happened?
i updated my balance with a cheque yesterday but it's not showing on my account does something go wrong?
I sent you a cheque a few days ago and I noticed nothing has happened yet can you tell me the status of my cheque please?
Why isn't my deposit showing up?
no cheque or cash on deposit update for me.
Help i'm missing money i deposited a cheque but its not showing on my balance.
my cash deposit from a week ago is still not in my account.Can you help me please?
i made a deposit and it's not showing up in my balance.
i sent a cheque a few days ago and i noticed that no money has been put on my account can you please tell me the situation
the cheque I deposited isnt showing up in my account
My check or money deposit has not shown up
Why doesnt my cash deposit show up in my account?I deposited this morning.
I deposited a cheque why isn't my balance showing that I did?
What's up, my check is deposited and it still doesn't arrive
I got money in my account a week ago but still not there, whats up?
i made a deposit, but it havent shown up in my balance yet.
I already deposited my check. So when I see my cash?
hi, my money has not been credited to my account for which i have sent you cheque few days before, im worried about the money, please
I didn't see the cash yet from the cheque I'd deposited.
i have a check in my account, the cash isn't showing up...
I sent you my cheque a few days ago and the deposit has yet to appear in my account. I need this money, what is the problem?
What's up with my balance, shouldn't it be a little higher since I deposit a cheque a day ago?
why am i not seeing the check i deposited this morning in my account?
do you guys accept cash? because i deposited some this morning and I can't see it in my account.
my cash deposit hasn't posted to my account.
I got a cheque deposited but i don't see my money yet?
My balance has not been updated for the cash or cheque deposit.
i deposited my money but i still can't see it in my account
i did a money deposit that went to my account but it isn't there
I dumped a check yesterday and I'm not seein it in my account, I need the money, is there somethin wrong with
My cheque deposit didn't seem to work.
I still don't see the cash deposit last week in my account, why?
when will my cheque process?
i deposited a check, but i haven't got it yet.
After depositing a cheque, my balance never changed.
cash has been deposited this morning but it hasn't come through...
I deposited a cheque a week ago, and have yet to receive the money.
I put some money into my account as a cheque and it didn't change the balance
i deposited cash into my account a week ago and it is still not available, please tell me why, I need the cash back now
my mom deposited a cheque into my account last week, why is it still not showing up?
i deposited a check and i still havent updated my balance
where is the money that i put in the bank?
I haven't got the money from the check I deposited.
after trying to change my account balance yesterday by cheque it doesn't seem to work, shouldn't the process be faster, need my account looked
I don't see the cheque I made yesterday...is this going on?
I made a cash deposit but I'm not seeing it.
i put money in my account a week ago but its still not there??? what happened to my money??????????
why didnt the cash deposit show up in my account?
what is going on, my balance has not updated and it has been 2 weeks since I deposited my money
I deposited cash into my account, why can't i see it?
Can you tell me why a cheque deposit isn't showing up in my balance?
Why isnt my cash deposit in my account?
why isn't my money from a check deposit showing?
I put my check in the bank and i have not gotten my cash yet?
how long should a cheque deposit take to show?my account hasn't updated and i want to make sure everything is ok.
i used a check check yesterday to balance my account and it isn't showing up?
I deposited some money into my account, but it still isn't showing up. Whats up?
My friend deposited $100 but its not showing up.
the cash deposit I made this morning has not been credited to my account
I did a cash deposit on my account, but I'm not seeing it on my statement.
I deposited a cheque, but I don't see the money in my account.
when will my deposit post to my account?
I am waiting for the cash to come back from a cheque i deposited.
how long does it take to show a deposit I made to my balance?
I deposited cash in my account and I'm having trouble seeing it on my account.
I wrote a check to the account yesterday and i didnt see anything...is it holding up or should i see a new balance sooner
how long does it take for cheques to post to your account?
i deposited money and my balance is still not up to date.
I deposited cash this morning but it isn't available yet
I have money deposit on it but it is having problems.
how long will it take for the cash I deposited this morning to show up?
cast deposit is still not in my account why?
why is not the check I deposited today showing up?
i have been waiting for more than a week i need money
how soon will my deposit be processed?
i still awaiting the money i put this morning.
why can't i see the money i put up last week...this is urgent
I put the check in a few days ago and still haven't it gone in.help
I made a check and cash deposit and it wasn't credited.
I deposited a check to up my account yesterday but that hasn't shown up yet its been a day already!
Why has my cheque not been processed?
I am still waiting for the cash that has been deposited in the account this morning.
I sent the check in but still haven't received the cash.
i recently deposited a cheque and cant find the cash off of it.
when will i get that cash off of that check i deposited with?
my cheque is slow to cash
i tried to deposit a cheque yesterday but the balance ain't showing up today?Is it still pending?
Why haven't I seen the money from the cheque I've deposited yet?
My cheque is taking a while
I made a deposit to my account and I dont see it
well the check i deposited yesterday isnt listed yet. Isnt that pretty slow i need to see the balance increased by that
where's my money from this morning
why is it taking so long for my money to appear in my account.. i've been waiting a week
I deposited a cheque, but still no change.
I put a cheque in my account and it was not updated yet
How long does it take a check to show up in the account balance?
what is going on with my cash deposit i'm looking at my account balance and it is not there... its been almost a week,some
why has my account not updated?
I haven't got the money from my check.
i deposited a cheque with some money, but the balance hasnt changed.
i put in a cheque but it stayed at the same balance.
i've deposited a few cheques but why hasn't my balance been updated.
why havent I got my cash off my cheque yet?
I haven't got the cash yet but I did deposit the check.
well after depositing some cash to a cheque it's not changed yet.
What happened to my cash deposit?
plz tell me why i cant have the money i deposited a week ago,i need it now.
After a cheque or cash deposit my balance didn't update.
when will my balance reflect a deposit?
i made a cash deposit on my account and it not there
I deposited a cheque and its been days and i still haven't got the cash
i deposited some money, but the balance has not changed.
i didnt perform the payment with my card i don't know that name.
My statement indicates I made a payment to an unfamiliar merchant.
i never seen that name before...theres a payment with my card.
Help, there is a payment in the app that i dont remember
I don't get why this charge comes from.
there is a charge I don't recognize
i need to figure out what these charges are on my account..hav been coming out for a couple of days..can i get
somebody might have access to my card.Some strange payments are showing up on my account what do i do?
there are a couple of payments with my card showin in the app that i really didnt make myself, whats goin on with this
I use the app and noticed a payment that I didn't make
A strange card payment, I don't recognize it
they are a payment i don't recognize on my statement
i got a strange money in my report
i think i dont know the card payment
Hi something is going on with the app.  I see some payments I didn't make?
What should I do if I see a payment in the app that I dont recognize?
I dont recognise the card payment.
there are a couple payments with my card in the app that i really didn't make myself. Whats happening with this, does someone have
Just today there was a purchase on my card that wasn't me can this be reversed and my card be frozen can't have this continue
i need some help now please there are some transactions on my account that I dont remember purchasing Can they be reversed can you please cancel or freeze my
my statement contains an unknown payment
I can't really see what this payment would be for on my statement.
there has been a payment in the app that has not been done by me.
I'm not seeing a purchase that i made with my card though.
Im checking the app and I see a payment that's not mine
i have a charge for something i didnt buy.
a payment on my statement is wrong.
There's a payment that isn't mine on my app.
what is this strange payment in my account?
not sure where this charge came from.
i looked at my statement and found a payment I and found a mistake.
i got paid in my account by somebody i dont no.
i don't recognize this payment on my app, im sure I didn't spend any money there.
There's a couple of payments with my card in the app, that in reality I didn't make..maybe someone has access to my
payment is showing that i didn't do.
payment i didnt do
Why is there a random payment in my statement?
Hi there was a suspicious payment from my card i definately dont know who this is or who could have made this payment
A Paym I didn't do shows in my app
there is a charge i dont recognize
i'm noticing a payment at a company that I don't recognise.
there seem to be a couple of payment listed in the app I know didnt were done by me, is there a possibility someone has access to
i need to freeze my card as quickly as possible i just checked my account and saw that there have been several payments that I don't recognize
there are some charges i don't recognize...it happened days ago can i get these charges back?should i cancel my card?
help....there is a payment in the app that isnt mine
I'm seeing in the App a payment thats not mine.
there is a payment in the app that i dont recognize
hey i just checked my statement and there seems to be a payment from my card that i have never seen before.
there is a card payment I dont know about.
I have a weird payment on my card and I don't know what to do
Is it possible someone has access to my card? I noticed that there are a couple of payments in the app I'm sure I did not make. Can you find out what's going on here?
There are some card payments that I haven't done myself. What is going on with my card and does somebody else have access to my card?
I have a payment in my statement that is off
i didn't do this payment
ive never been to that store thats a fake charge
they charged my card from the past few days i am pretty sure i didnt make can you freeze it for me please how do i get
I have a payment I didn't make on my account
there were a couple of payments that I noticed on my account with my card that I didn't make... maybe somebody else has my card information.
there is an unauthorised payment in my statement.
there are a couple of payments with my card in the app that i really make myself whats going on with this...maybe someone has access to
i don't notie this payment at allHelp
there is a record of payment I never submitted on the app
I just looked my statement over and I don't recognize the name of a card payment
I did not pay at the business.
there is a payon on my card that I don't recognize, I've never seen the name on the transaction before.
ne why do i have a strange payment on my statement?
I didn't do this charge I guess
I didnt charge my account for it, an errr
there is a payment thats not mine in the App.
i see an unfamiliar payment on my statement.
why is this payment on my app
there is a payment that i don't know
this card payment isnt recognition.
why do I have an unknown payment?
I didn't make payment
i saw some charges on my card last days that i dont remeber, i need to freeze the card quick will i get
There are a couple of payments with my card shown in the app that I really didn't make myself. what's up with that?
why is there a payment i didnt do in my app?
i have a payment that i didn't make
the app is showing a payment I never made.
I checked the app and there is a payment that I don't recognize.
how do i find out how or where this transaction on my account came from?
i need to figure out who has access to my card...there are some payments that i didn't make that is showing on the app
there is a strange payment on my card
i got charges that i didnt authorize.can i get this money back from the last couple of days it's been coming out.
There is a payment that I don't recognize at all...with my card.
I saw a payment come out of my account for a merchant I don't remember.
my card has a payment that i definately didnt create i dont know any one btw that name.
the app shows a fraudulent payment made on my account.
There is a payment in my history I don't recognize
there is a payment on my card that I do not recognize.
My app shows a payment that I didn't make
i dont know if i did it on my card
After i looked at the app... I noticed a couple payments that I know I didn't make...Is it possible someone has accessed
I do not recongize a payment in my account.
a payment shows up on the app that I never made.
I swear that there are 2 payments on the app that I didn't make... could my card be stolen please advise what I should do...
how do i know how the transaction got on my account?
I did not make the payment that I see on the App
i have a card payment i didnt make
i disagree with a charge
I made no payment for it LOL
There is a pay in the app i didn't make it.
there is a vendor name i dont recknowle on a payment from my account, i don't think i made this payment
I don't think I paid this money.
I think there's a purchase at a store that I didn't go to.
have a payment that i haven't done
My card had a name I don't recognize, so what can I do?
one of my card payment, i dont recognise the name of the merchant...
hey i notice there is a payment from my card to a business i dont know, i definitely didnt do this
I don't think I can recognize this card payment.
i have a card payment that i don't know, what should i do?
There are two payments on my card that I am not responsible for whats going on...maybe someone got access to my account...
there is a payment with my card and i definitely didnt do it.
My app has a payment I did not make
I just checked my account on the App and theres a payment that I didnt make
Could you please put a freeze on my card?  There are some payments on it that I don't know where they came from.
in the app i see a payment not mine
there is a payment with my card which i definitely didnt make by me....never seen that before...
i didn't make this payment, but it's on my app
Why is there an unknown charge showing on my account?
i think my card got paid and i dont see the name on it
I don't think I made this transaction on my statement
There's a weird payment in my statement.
My card got a random charge on it...
i need to freeze my card, there are charges on there that i did not authorize, they've been coming out for a couple of
in my account i see a strange payment.
where's my unknown payment from?
I just read my statement and there is a payment I don't recognize.
There is a card payment I didn't make.
there are a couple payment with my card in the app, which I didn't make. What is happening? Maybe someone has access to my card
I feel that i got my card compromised cause I see a payment i forgot to make
i didnt do the payment but i have it now.
How do I challenge a payment I didn't make?
There's a payment in the app that I didn't approve.
I don't recognize a charge on my statement.
there is a card payment that i don't recognise.
I think it's a mistake, bc a payment I didn't make comes up on my app
a couple of payments with my card in the app that i saw i didnt create.what's happening?maybe someone got access
I'm not recognizing the card payment.
there's a card payment with a name I don't recognize
that has payment done with my card and i def not did.never seen that name before.
WHY IS THERE A PAYMENT I DIDNT DO.
Someone accessed my account and paid.
i got something odd in my statement
there's a fake payment
why is there an unknown card payment?
i dont see this payment
i need to know where this charge is coming from??
I see a payment on my statement for a place I didn't make a purchase at.
there is an odd payment in my statement
there are a few payments in the app that i didn't make... do people else have my card, what do i do?
i need help with some transactions in my account that I dont recognize or remember purchasing. im not sure if the name is just different or what.
i have a confusing payment on my statement and I don't recognise it
My statement has a payment I don't remember making
I think someone is using my card to do things I didnt authorize..I checked my account and there are a lot of things done in the
What's this card payment..i don't know what it is.
i didnt make the payment that showed in my app.
what do I do if I see on my card a transaction that I don't remember making?
There's a payment in the app that I didn't authorize.
i got a charge i did not make
on my statement there is a payment that I don't recognise
i need to cancel my card there are a couple of charges from a couple days ago that i didnt make can i get credit
It is listed in my app that I made a payment which I did not actually make
i dont see any charge on my card
Some things with my card show up on the app that I really didn't make myself..... why????
i see a payment that i didnt make on my app.
there is a card payment that i dont know
i wanna change my personal details.
i am here to change my address
i'd like to change some of my personal info
I would like to change my name after marriage.
I would like to change my adresse
i have an wrong address on my id
i want to update my address details but they changed
what are i supposed to do to edit my info on my account
I need to change my name, im just married.
i moved to new city and i need to change my address
how can i change my address?
mr last name changed and i need to re m my account details.
where can i change my address?
How do i edit my accounts personal details?
details need to be changed
Can i change my account details?
how can i change my name coz i just got married?
where can i change my name?
i just moved,how do i give you my new address?
I need to change my address in personal details
Why can't I edit my personal details?
i need to change details about my personal account.
i need to change my phone number
How can I change my name in my profile??
I have a new number and need to edit it.
how do I change my address?
I need to change my info on my account
I changed my billing address and I need to update my information.
Tell me how to change my details.
How do I change my account details?
How do I change my accounts details?
i want to change my address
I just got married and I want to take my spouse's name
i got married and need to change my name.
need my details changed
i just got married and want to change my name.
How do I edit my info?
i am looking to change my address.
i need to change my last name on my account because I just got married.
after i got married i need to change my name
I just got married and need to change my name.
I want to change my account info
should i call customer support if i can't edit details?
need to tell them the address changed.
changed details is a must how do i do that
Please let me know how to edit my personal details
how do i change my details?
how can i change my information?
i need to add my new address now that i've moved.
i moved, can i edit my personal details?
how do i change my details?
my name hasn't been verified and I can't edit my details what's next
i need to change my home address
Now I want to change the details
Can I change my details because I moved?
how to edit personal details?
please tell me where i can update my details since i moved.
how to change name on account
I need to update my demographics
Change of location, need to change details
how can i edit my personal details in the app?
i want to change my personal info
what can i do to edit some of my personal info?
How do I change my address???
can i change my name? i am not married.
i have to change my name since i got married.
can i change my address?
I need to change it.
is there some way to change my information?
Where can I change my details?
i got a new address, i need to change my old one
what i can do to change my details
I got to change my name but my marital status has changed
Can I change my address?
i moved so i need to change my address how do i do that?
I just moved and I need to change my details
I just got married and I need to update my name
How do I change my name after marriage?
i moved and wanna change my address.
Talk me thru a modification of my info
i just got married and i have to change my name on the account
how do i update my address?
i just got married and i need to change my name
Can I update my details?
I gotta update my address
ther a way to change the name?
i gotta change my address.
How do I change my detail?
I need to get my address changed
How do i put a new address?
can someone help me update my account details with changing my last name?
how can i change my personal info???
How do i edit my personal details?
Not living in same place need to change details
How do I update my personal information after moving?
Moved and need to move
I moved and I need to change my personal information.
where do i go to change my account details?
went somewhere else need to change details
I need some info changed how?
How can I change to my married name?
how can i get into my account and edit my details.
i want to edit my personal information
How do I edit my account details?
How do I change my name?
Can I edit my personal information?
i need to change my contact info
I need to update my phone number.
Can i edit my details?
I got a new address and I need to change my information.
I need to change my data
what do I do if im moving and i need to update my info?
Editing my personal details
where can i edit personal details?
how do i change my account details?
where do i update details?
I need to change my address
Where do i change anything on my profile?
how do i change my last name?
I have a new email
how can i update my details since i moved?
Why do you have an identity check?
But i don't feel comfortable confirming my identity.
Why on earth do u need so much personal id info from me?
do u know the reason for the identity check?
i answered so many questions about my identity why do you need this info?
Why do you have the id check
Is getting my identity verified required before I can use my account?
why is all my identity information required?
I would like to know why so much information is required?
Why do you need to verify my id?
is the id check part of bank policy?
how come someone has to prove their identity
WHY DO I HAVE TO HAVE MY ID?
Why are you asking so many questions about who I am?
what is the id required?
can i use my account before identity verification completes?
should i check my security before i can use my account?
Why do you need ID's?
i have an account, why can't i use it unless my identity is verified?
Why does my id have to be verified?
Can I still use my account without verifying my identity?
why do they have an id check?
Can i use my account even though my identity verification has yet to pass?
im not comfortable verification of my indentity.
what i need to verify my account
what if i don't verify my identity?
what are the reasons i have to prove my identity to you?
why do I have to try to verify my ID?
why does it matter if I prove my identity.
Why should i have to prove my identity?
Can I use my account before ID verification?
Why do I need to check my account?
Why do you guys need to verify my identity?
Why do I have to check my ID?
If my identity verification hasn't gone through can I use my account?
is it really necessary to verify my identity?
Why do you need that much info?
Can I use my account now even though my identity verification has not gone through yet?
what does the identity check do?
Why is the identity check involved?
What is the point of having me identifying me?
my ID verification hasn't gone through yet, but can I use my account anyway?
what do i do in order to get in my account.
I want to use my account before ID verification.
It's requiring me to verify my identity?
I don't want to use this method to identify myself.
why do you need my id and name
Do I need to have my ID checked out before I can use my card?
Can I use my account even though my name hasn't been verified yet?
do you think your asking for too much information about me?
Is there any requirement for an identity verification before I can use my account?
can i use my account even if i've got no verification yet?
I still want to use my account but haven't verified, is that ok?
is my account accessible even though my identity verification hasn't passed yet?
why are you asking so many questions about me?
why u have to know so much about me for my account?
How does identity check work?
why is it that i have to prove my identity?
what happens if i use my account and my identity verification hasn't ended?
Can I make transfers before my id is verified?
what do you need my identity details for?
Why do i have to get my identity verified?
Can i use my account if my identity hasn't been checked yet?
So why do I have to have all my ID's?
y is there an ident check??
Why is there verification to the identity?
why do you need me to check who I am?
Why check my identity?
i dont see why you want so much personal info.
i'm still waiting for verification can i use my account before i'm verified?
I refuse to verify my identity.
why would you need me to do an id check?
i can't i do the verification
Am I able to use my account if identity verification is not complete?
is it possible to go ahead and log in though i have not been confirmed yet?
why should i check my identity??
can i use my card before identity verification?
WHY IS THERE A IDENTITY CHECK?
So why do i need to give you my Drivers License?
I dont wanna give you all my identifcations, I guess.
Am I supposed to verify my identity?
Why do I have to check my identity?
what are you going to use my identification for?
can i use my account without verifying my identity?
why is checking my identity so important?
Must I verify my identity?
how do i speed up identity verification?
i mean, do i have to check who i am?
why do you need to do identity verification?
Why am I being asked to prove my identity?
why is identity verification so important for me?
do u need to know my first and last names?
I don't wanna verify my identity
how to verify my id
why does my id need verification?
Can I USE my account already even tho identity verification has not passed yet?
What's my ID used for?
is there any way to bypass identity verification?
Why do you need so much information about who I am?
What if I don't want to give away all my details?
My identity hasn't been verified.  Can I use my account?
My id hasn't been verified yet, can I use it?
Can we skip verifying?
why do you need to check my identity?
how come you have to check my identity?
i'm waiting for the ID verification to go through still so is it too soon to use my account?
what is the identity check for?
I keep getting asked to verify my identity...is this normal?
why do you need so much id info from me?
What do you do with all that ID info you're collecting from me?
why do I have to get my name checked?
I'm not verifying my identity.
Do you need my birthdate?
why is it important to check my identity?
I need to prove my identity to you why how?
is checking out my id a big deal?
why and how soon do i have to prove my identity to you??
Why do you need to know who I am?
WHAT IS IDENTITY CHECK?
can i make transactions before identity verification?
I am afraid to give you all my name details.
can u help me with proving my identity?
what proof do u need for my id?
Are there any reasons why i would not be accepted even though everything i've provided is factual
i'm having some difficulties verifying my id.
i cant verify my id why??
Help me verify my identify?
i couldn't verify who i was thru the app.
i need help to verify my identity.
I'm struggling to prove who I am
Why is my id not verified?
this stupid system is not letting me prove my identity.
the app has trouble verifying my ID.
Why isn't my identity being verified?
You will hear back from us about your verification results in 10 minutes to a one hour timeframe.  If these verification results do fail, please double-check to make sure your images are clear and have no glare or blur; your photos need to be fully readable.  You need to be 18 years of age or older and a resident of Switzerland or the European Economic Area to create an account.
the app doesn't know it's me.
My identity wasn't verified
help me verify my ID
not sure how to reveal my identity
It can take between 10 minutes to an hour before you hear back from us about the verification result.  Please try again if your verification fails.  Make sure you double check that images are clear and all document photos are readable without blur or glare. You have to be 18 or older and live in the European Economic area or live in Switzerland to be able to open an account.
I can't upload my ID.
why isn't my id verifying?
How long does it take me to prove my identity?
Why am I not allowed to verify my ID?
i can't prove my identity
no it doesn't show my id
Hearing back from us regarding your important verification results may take 10 minutes to one hour time.  If verification results do fail, double-check to make sure all of your images are clear --  make sure your photos have no glare or blurring. Note: These photos need to be readable as well.  You also need to be 18 years of age or older.  You must be a resident of Switzerland or the European Economic Area to open a new account.
I can't verify my identity
My ID verification did not work.
i can't confirm it
the app doesnt realize that its me.
The app doesn't believe that I'm myself.
It won't let me check my identity
I can't prove who I am.
i don't have identification
why is not it accepting my identity?
but the app wont know me
I can't prove my identity for some reason
Can't verify my ID u know
I don't have a way to prove my identity.
the app doesn't recognize who i am
you have to be at least 18 and live in eaEE or Switzerland in order to open a comint.please make sure that
Why can't I verify my id?
Hearing about your verification results from us may take anywhere from 10 minutes to approximately one hour.  If this verification has in fact, failed, double-check to make sure that your images are clear.  Also make sure that your document photos have no blur or glare. They need to be readable.  You must also be 18 years of age or older and be a resident of Switzerland or the European Economic Area to open an account.
I'm having a hard time proving my identity.
I'm having problems with ID Verification.
But, I'm having trouble proving who I am.
I can't prove who I am
I'm not recognized by the app
the app doesn't think that I'm my self
What do i have to do to prove my identity?
What am I missing to verify my id?
i dont have the information to verify my identity.
there is no way for me to prove my identity.
I won't be able to check my id
How long does it take for my id to be verified?
The app is telling me that I am not me.
What do I do if I cant prove my identity?
the app can't verify my info for ID proofing purposes.
what should i do if i cant prove who im im.
What's wrong with my ID I can't verify it
Problem verifying my account
the app doesnt believe its me.
app malfunctioning doesnt know its me
i can get my ID verified
I'm having trouble with the app recognizing me.
How long will it take to verify my account?
Why cant I check my id...
i dont have the means to prove my identity.
my app says im not verified
I don't really have a way to prove who I am.
but, why has my id not been verified?
the app doesn't think it's me
How long does it take to verify someone's id???
i m not sure how to give my id
WHY IS MY IDENTITY NOT VERIFICED?
why is my identity verification process not working?
My identity verification is not working.
and i am having trouble proving my identity
i am having a trouble proving who i am
It won't let me prove who I am.
i cant seem to verify my id
why am i unable to verify my id?
I can't have my identity verified.
I can't be sure who I am.
i can't check my ID, why?
My identity isn't being accepted, what should I do?
The app couldn't verify me.
Why hasn't the app verified my identity??
The app doesn't believe that I'm myself
the app isn't letting me log in, but my info is correct
I need help proving that this is really me and to verify my identity
why does it take so long to check my id.
my identity vetting i'm not working
I can't verify my identity
Every time I try to prove my identity, it won't let me.
I'm having difficulty verifying my identity.
Help me check my identity.
I'm still waiting on my identity verification
why can't my id be verified?
Help me prove my identity
im under 18 and i'm trying to verify my id, why won't it work?
What do i need to bring for ID?
I havn't got a PIN yet so i dont know what to do about it.
is my PIN sent separately?
where can I get my card PIN?
my pin hasn't been in the post so how do i cancel it or get a new one?
Where is the card PIN?
I have my card when will I have my PIN?
I don't have a pin though
I haven't got my pin yet
Where is my card PIN?
The card PIN?
I don't see the card PIN anywhere?
my pin is not there yet
is my PIN recorded anywhere?
How will I know my pin number?
I NEED MY PIN, WHERE IS IT?
ive not got my pin yet
i can't see the card PIN anywhere?
i dont know my pIN how can i find it out?
what is the pin's position?
HOW DO I FIND MY PIN?
Why haven't I got my PIN?
when do i get my pin?
where can i find my card pin?
tell me about the card PIN?
where do I find my card PIN in the app?
do i have to wait for a physical card before i get my pin?
The card PIN is not visible anywhere?
Can't see the card PIN anywhere?
How will I receive my PIN?
my card arrived but I don't know how to get my PIN
Where should I look for my PIN?
Where can I find my PIN?
where is my card PIN?
I ain't got my pin yet
Do I have a card PIN?
where is my pn?
I can't find the PIN
What about the card PIN?
where can I find my card PIN?
How do i find my PIN?
But I have not yet received my pin.
I can't find my card's PIN
how do i set up my card PIN?
I cant find my PIN.
How can I request a PIN?
I have not got the PIN yet.
i signed up and don't have a pin, where can i find it?
how does the pin get delivered?
Help, what is the PIN for my card?
i didnt get a pin yet what gives?
Where is my card PIN?
how do I set my physical card pin?
where is my pin?
When will I have my pin number?
What's my pin number?
Where do I find my PIN?
When do I put up my card pin?
How can I find my pin?
do i have to wait to get the pin or can i set up a pin?
How do I find my PIN now I have my card?
where is my pin?
explain the card PIN to me.
how do i get the PIN?
Will the PIN come separately?
i've still not got my pin, where can i get it?
i do not hav it yet where is my pin
HOW DO I KNOW WHAT MY PIN IS?
How long does it take to get my pin
How long do I wait for my PIN
still have to get a card pin
I don't have my pin yet
How do I get my card PIN?
I haven't received my PIN yet.
I havnt received my PIN yet, do I need to get from you?
In regards to the PIN of the card?
Does the PIN come with a separate cover?
do i have to wait to get my card before getting a pin?
will my pin number be sent with my card?
I can't find my PIN anywhere
I just have a question...What is the PIN for the card?
How do I get a PIN??
i still haven't had my new pin yet
so the card PIN?
can i go in my app and find my pin?
Is the PIN separately delivered?
I don't have a PIN at this point
do i need to wait for my card to show up before i get pins?
Where do I find my card PIN?
I can't find the card pIN
Where's the PIN number?
when do i get my card pin?
How is my PIN sent?
Is the PIN sent in another message?
Do you deliver the PIN separately?
Is my PIN the same as my passcode?
I'm in the App and I can't find my PIN, so where should I look?
Ive been waiting ages and my PIN hasn't got here.
how do I get started when i get my card?
Show me where I can see the PIN?
how do i find my new pin?
can i make my own pin right away
How to get card pin?
Where do I find my PIN for my new card?
A Can You Deliver the PIN Separately?
is my pin the same as my passcode?
how do i get my card card to have a pin
is there any way i can get a mastercard?
is it just visa or can i use mastercard?
I don't want a VISA card.
I prefer Mastercard, can I substitute?
but i like mastecard better.
i want to get a visa and a mastercard from you
i would prefer Mastercard
will my card be a maeco or visa??
i want a mastercard
I prefer mastercard.
i would like visa and mastercard p
can i get a vita and mastercard from you?
will i ever be able to use it everywhere if i can't pick which card type
do i get a mastercard and visa?
Why can't I pick the card I want?
Can you send me a mastercard instead of a visa?
Can I pick between Visa and Mastercard?
i have a visa mastercard can i use both of them?
i wanna get a visa.
can u make it a Visa and a Mastercard to me?
I WANNA HAVE A VISA CARD
Im looking to get a Visa credit card, what must I do for this?
is there a way i can get a visa card??
can i get the mastercard?
Do I have a Visa card as an option?
Are visa and mastercard accepted?
what credit cards do you carry?
would i be better off with a visa or mastercard?
i want a visa or mastercard, do you have them?
is it ok if i use visa and mastercard
Do I have a choice for a Mastercard?
Can I use visa or mastercard with your service
Can i choose Visa or Mastercard?
Can I have a Visa card?
would i get a visa or a mastercard?
can i get both a visa and a master card from you?
can you get both a visa and a mastercard?
Can I choose my Visa or Mastercard?
I prefer Mastercard
What kinds of cards can I choose from?
i wanna get a visa
can i choose whether i receive a Visa or Mastercard card?
what kind of card will i get?
I'd like a mastercard
Can i get a VISA or Mastercard?
do u give out vasas or mastercards?
do i have to choose a creditcard brand?
give me a mastercard instead
VISA or Mastercard?
can i choose a Visa Mastercard?
Do you let me choose between Visa and Mastercard?
what cards do you offer?
Does it matter if i use Visa or Mastercard?
How can I choose between Visa and Mastercard?
I'm happy with mastercard and want to stick with just that credit card
can u get both a visa and mastercard from u?
I prefer to get a mastercard.
I'm wanting to get a Visa card today
what do i have to do to get a visa card?
I would like to get both a Visa and MasterCard?
would u give me a mastercard and visa?
I wanna apply for a Visa card
my first choice would be Mastercard
I want to get Visa Mastercard, can I get both from ya?
ARE YOU VISA OR MASTERCARD?
please help me get a visa card
I will not be happy unless I get a mastercard
Can I pick my card scheme or do you choose it for me?
no visa please...i want to continue with mastercard
will it be a Mastercard or a Visa?
can i choose my card scheme?
Does it matter which card I use?
what type of card will i get?
can I get a visa or does it have to be something else
I want to get a Visa card please
Visa and Mastercard can both be received from you?
Can I choose between Mastercard and Visa?
I like Visa and can i get that
Will I be able to get both a visa and a mastercard?
I am eyeing a Visa card
what type of card can i get?
Will I get Visa or MasterCard?
VISA and MASTERCARD CAN I GET THEM BOTH?
Can i choose a Visa or MasterCard?
i need a visa card
Do you take VISA and Mastercard?
which card would i get...visa or mastercard?
Can I get a MasterCard and Visa from you?
i want to get a visa card
could you get a visa and a mastercard from you?
Can I get a Visa and a Mastercard from you?
do u accept Visa or Mastercard?
But if I had to choose, I'd rather have Mastercard.
can i use visa and mastercard?
Is it possible for you to get Visa and Mastercard?
i want to get mastercard and visa from you if i can
i prefer mastercard.
I need a Visa and Mastercard from you
this transaction needs a visa and a mastercard.
i want a mastercard instead
I need to get visas and mastercards
could i get a mastercard if that's reasonable?
I need a mastercard and visa
will i get a visa card or mastercard?
i would like to get a visa card
How do i get a visa and mastercard?
Can I get a VISA, not a MasterCard?
can i get a visa card?
Can i get a visa or a MasterCard?
do i get a visa or mastercard?
How did I get the different card than I wanted?
Can I use a Visa or Mastercard?
Can I choose between Visa and Mastercard??
but i prefer Mastercard.
can u get the mastercard and the visa card from you?
i'd prefer a Mastercard
can i have a mastercard?
How do i get selected for a visa card?
do i have the option of Visa or MasterCard?
Can i get a Visa from you?
i hope to get a visa card
the one you are are visa or mastercard?
how can you get a visa card?
Can you make sure I get a MasterCard and not a Visa?
I would prefer Mastercard
I want to get your Mastercard and VISA card if you can.
Is it visa or mastercard?
Will u guys do Visa or Mastercard?
do you only use visa or do you have mastercard too?
Can I get a Visa card?
i like to know if you use viz or mastercard,
is it okay to use either Visa or Mastercard?
do you use vasa or mastercard plz tell me.
and can i pick what card i can use?
Do you supply both Visa and Mastercard?
my money was gone and i couldn't get gas
i can't see my top up
I can't see my top up in my wallet.
i want to transfer money with my credit card
i tried topping up using my card and the moneys gone?
How can my friends top up my account?
I used my card to top up and the money was not there.
my card needs to be topped up
can my friends top up my acount?
whats the process of topping up by card??
can my friends get my account topped up?
Can anyone else top up for me?
i tried to top up and suddenly my money disappeared.
my wallet doesnt show my recent top up.
Can I get my friends to add money to my account?
i used my card topup but all the money is missing.
how come my top up isn't showing in my wallet?
what do I do to top up my card?
i tried a card to top it off but i have no money in my account despite the charge still going through.
can i top up by card?
i have a credit card but i want to know how i can transfer money
how do i transfer money using my credit card?
i tried to top up with my card, but now the money just disappeared??
My top up isn't in my wallet
Can i let others access to my account to top up?
how do i get up by card?
How do I add money to my card?
When I tried to top up with my card all of the money disappeared.
I used my card to top up but now I don't see the money in my account.
Can i top up by card?
i want to transfer money with my credit card
I'd like to top up by card
I don't know how to top up
why did my card get charged when topping off my balance and it doesn't show up in my wallet?
Why can't I see my top up?
Is it simple to transfer money using my credit card?
why cant i see the top up i made?
Can I use a credit card to transfer money?
can i transfer money to my credit card?
my wallet rnot showing my top up did i do something wrong?
How can I transfer money via my credit card?
The money disappeared after I topped up my account.
so i tried to top it up with my card and had the money go.
I couldn't use my top up card because the money I put on there wasn't there anymore.
i havent got the top up in my wallet
how do i transfer money directly from my credit card?
I need to top up by card
How do I top up my card?
top up by my card is that possible?
I tried to get gas but my money was gone.
How do i top up a card?
Can my friends add up my account?
Is it possible for friends to top up my account?
how do i top up by card?
but my top up isn't showing up in my wallet.
transferring money with a credit card
Can my friends top up my account?
i was trying to top up with my card but the money is gone
Can I allow others to top up my account?
Can other people use the app to add money to my account?
I tried top off with a card and the money disappeared?
Show me how my friends can top up my account
How do I set my credit card up to send transfers?
I don't see me 'top up' in my wallet
what do i need to do to transfer money with my credit card?
The money is gone, i used my card to top up.
what went on with the money after i put in the wrong info and it got declined
Can I add other people to my account so that they can top up?
show me how to top up
my friends want to add to my account, what is the procedure?
I want to transfer money with my credit card
Somethings wrong with my top up but I can't see it.How do i find it?
can my friends up my account?
Am I the only one who can topup my account?
how do i top up using my card?
Can a friend top up my account?
what information am I gonna have to have in order to do a transfer with my card?
top it up with a credit card
what is the process of topping up my card?
I don't see my top up in my wallet
can friends i have top up my account?
i can't tell what is my top up right now.
How do i transfer money on my credit card?
Can you tell me how to top up my card?
my top up is not there yet, where do I find it
If I want a friend to top off my account can they?
my wallet is empty even though I topped it up an hour ago.
can somebody else top up my account???
I want to transfer funds with my credit card
where did my top up go I can't find it in my wallet?
My money was gone when I tried to top it up
how do someone else top up my account
who can get my money loaded up on top?
I got a new card, what do i do to top it up?
do I have to top up my credit card to transfer?
I need to get my card topped up
what do i do to transfer money using my credit card?
I topped my money up but it's not there.
How can I transfer money with my credit card?
how do i top up my card?
I need to transfer money, can I use my credit card?
Why isn't my 'top up' showing up in my wallet??
Can other people top up my account?
do disposable cards have any restrictions on them?
How many times can I use a virtual card?
friend was telling me about her disposable cards.What would i have to do to get that feature?
can i have more disposable cards?
i tried to use virtual card for a hotel, it didn't work..why not?
what are the guidelines for the disposable cards?
do the disposable cards have a transaction limit?
i would like to know what restriction is for the disposable cards?
is there a limit on how many times i can use a disposable card?
How many disposable cards am I allowed to have?
What are the restrictions of disposable cards?
whats the maximum amount of disposable cards allowed?
can i get a disposable card how many can i have how many times can i use them?
how many transactions can i do with one disposable card?
what is the max disposable virtual cards?
how limited is virtual card?
what are the disposable cards restrictions?
I need multiple cards per day, and they all have to be disposable.
Is there limit to the number of disposable cards I can have?
Can I have more than 2 disposable cards?
and what about disposable cards?
what is the limit of disposable cards?
Help me create some temp cards every day.
are there any limitations to using disposable virtual cards?
Are there a certain amount of transactions i can do with one disposable card?
What are the limits for disposable cards?
i have a disposable card, how many transactions can i make?
what are the policies about disposable cards?
is there any limits on how many times i can use a disposable card?
I need to make several disposable cards per day.
what are the number of transactions with a disposable card?
how many disposable virtual cards can you have?
i wonder what are the rules with disposable cards?
how many disposable cards can i have in my day?
Can you tell me what restrictions are on disposable cards?
do the disposable cards have any restrictions?
i need to make cards a lot.. and i need to throw the cards i make.
How many times can i use my disposable card?
One disposable card how many transactions can I do??
if i m going to use a disposable virtual card whats a limit i should know?
I need a number of disposable cards everyday.
Are there restrictions on disposable virtual cards?
Please tell me the restrictions on disposable cards.
I have to make several disposable cards per day.
am i restricted on disposable cards I can have?
how many uses are disposable cards good for?
Whats the maximum number of disposable cards I can get?
what are some restrictions that disposable cards have?
what are the restrictions on the virtual cards?
how many purchases can I make with one disposable card?
is it possible to have more than one disposable card?
Is it possible to make alot of disposable card each day??
what is the limit of disposable cards i can make per day?
How does disposable card limitations work?
I need to make a bunch of disposable cards in a day
how many transactions can i do with my disposable card?
show me the amount of transactions I can do with a disposable card.
how many transactions per card i can use?
Are there limits if I use these virtual cards?
and are there any restrictions for the disposable cards that I need to know?
Where can I get a list of descriptions of disposable cards?
what limits are there on the virtual cards?
how many disposable cards am i allowed
do disposable cards have limits?
how many disposable cards per person???
Is there a limit to a disposable virtual card?
Why can't I use a disposable card?
how many transactions can i make on my disposable card?
What's the limit for disposable virtual cards?
How many active transactions can I make with a disposable card?
Please indicate any limitations that come along with disposable cards
are there downsides to using disposable virtual cards?
how many transactions can go on a disposable card?
Is there a transaction limit for a disposable card?
I need more than 1 disposable card
what is a maximum amount of transactions i can put on my disposable card?
I have to make several disposable cards everyday.
I have to make several disposable cards daily.
Where can I use a disposable card?
have any limits on the virtual cards?
How many disposable cards can you own?
i need more info about disposable virtual cards...
how many transactions can i do with a disposable card?
how many payments can i make using a virtual card?
What is the maximum amount of transactions a disposable card can do?
Can you tell me if there are limits to disposable virtual cards?
what's the rule for disposable virtual cards?
what are disposable virtual card limits?
how many disposable cards can i have at one time?
how many transactions can be made with a disposable card?
I'm not a premium customer but i want a virtual card how do i get one?
I need several disposable cards made per day.
what is the maximum transactions for one disposable card?
for the disposable card what are the restrictions?
are there any restrictions for the disposable cards?
is there a limit on making disposable cards?
Do the disposable cards have restrictions?
Can I do more than 10 transactions with a disposable card?
what are the disposable cards limits?
is there any limit to using a disposable virtual card?
I have a disposable virtual card...is there a limit on how many times i can use it???
Are there any places that I can't use the disposable cards at?
A limit on the number of disposable cards a day?
how many disposable cards can I make in one day?
let me know how many disposable cards i can have?
I think I gotta make a couple of disposable cards a day.
can u please tell me about the restrictions on disposable cards
is there any limit on disposable cards?
i have to make more then a few disposable cards per day.
Are there any restrictions on the disposable cards?
what are my limits for disposable cards.
i'd like to know what the restrictions are for the disposable cards?
HOW MUCH DISPOSABLE CARDS CAN I HAVE?
what is the amount of disposable cards i can have?
on my disposable card is there a transaction limit?
who can ask for disposable cards?
how much transactions do i get with a disposable card?
What can I and can't I do with disposable cards?
is there a transaction limit on a disposable card?
How many disposable cards are there per account?
how many transactions r for one disposable card?
i think someone is using my card without my permission
what do i do if i spot a fraudulent use on my car?
i think my account has been hacked, there are charges on there I don't recognize.
I don't recognize some transactions.  Is someone else using it?
i just got an email in confirming my purchase with my card. I login to the mobile app on the card and found out there are several purchase
How do I stop a fraud on my account?
card is being used by someone else
i think someone else is using my card
someone might be using my card, but not me.
there are strange transactions on my account what should i do if I think someone stole my details
I see some suspicious spending on my credit card that I don't recall I had made what should I do?
it looks like someone other than me ordered something with my card what should i do?
There are charges on my card that I haven't purchased.
Someone might be using my card, what should I do?
I suspect someone used my card.
so on this bill i see this happening how can i stop unauthorized payments on my card?a place ive never been to
I think some one is using my card unapproved.
There are some transactions I don't recognize, I think some one got my card details and used them.
someone has been using my card and they're unfamiliar transactions on there, can you freeze the card to keep this from happening?
What can I do if my card details were stolen from my car, i think they used my card to buy gas.
I want to cancel my card I think someone else is using it
i can't be sure, but i think someone may be using my card.
What if I think someone is using my card without my permission?
i think someone is using my card unknowingly
but something is going on on my account, and i tz think someone took my card.
somebody got my card info and i dont remember this activity.
Should I order a new card before I freeze my original one?
i think someone may be using my card, but i'm not sure.
i think someone hacked my card
my card has been compromised i see a bunch of online shopping charges that i didn't make i need to freeze it immediately.
i think someone else used my card i never was in that little town where some transactions on this bill were made stop it right away
I'm suspicious of my card's security
Someone is making transactions on my account and I think they took my card information.
I think someone stole my card number and brought stuff in different places that i have never been to. I need to suspend any further purchase on my credit
so this is a possible compromise of my card...
What should I do if I suspect unauthorized transactions?
how do i stop fraud to my card?
i am afraid someone might have got the info on my card
my statement says charges for things I never bought....were my account details stolen?
What should I do if someone else used my card?
what do i do if someone is using my card?
Someone might of got a hold of my card.
What should I do if I think someone stole my details and used my information to make some transactions?
not sure, someone else might be using my card.
what to do if my card has been used without my permission?
somebody used my card.
think someone is using my card with permission
I see transactions I don't recognize....I think someone stole my details
how do I know if someone else is using my card?
what do i do if i believe to be a victim of credit card fraud?
my card info was stolen, what do I do?
I didn't make the transactions i think my card details might be stolen
i have transactions that i dont recognize i think someone is using my card
I didnt make the transactions, so my card details could be stolen
what do i do if some one used my card without my permission?
theres transactions that I don't recognize.What do I do if I think someone is using my card.
can you check about misuse of my card i guess some one is using mine i dont know
I noticed my card was used in a town i have never been to. Can you stop it being used more?
i froze my account, but how do i order a replacement card?
what do i do if i think somebody used my card?
i got my card stolen and used to buy various things, please freeze my card, so who is to use it?
some transactions i don't remember making i think someone got my card details and is now using it
My cards info seems to be stolen I don't know where these transactions came from, and I've never even been to the city where they were
My card was used without my consent.what do I do?
i can see a few transactions i don't remeber what do I do if I think someone used my card without my
Questionable transactions on my account.
I have some transactions I didn't make Can you cancel my card and ban me from using it again?????
Someone other than me might be using my card
someone hacked into my cards account.
how do i report fraud on my card?
How do I report possible fraud on my account?
someone else might be using my card without my permission.
I've done some transactions that I haven't done myself so my card must have used it
how do i buy a replacement for my stolen card?
I don't even recognise some of these transactions... maybe somebody has my card info
someone used my card without my knowledge
i think my card is compromised in some way.
what should I do if I think someone is using my card?
i might be paranoid, but someone may be using my card.
my wallet was stolen and all my credit cards were in there....HELP?????
There are fraudulent charges that I didn't make on my card. Can you please put in the safeguards necessary to stop this from happening anymore?
the card got a security breach.
My card data has been exposed.
there are things I didn't do on my account i think someone has my info
So I think someone is using my card.
I didn't make these transactions.is someone else using my card?
which ATM's can i use this card?
Can I use the card at any cash machine?
Where can I get money from??
What ATMs take this card?
which atms can i use to withdraw?
Do all ATMs accept this card?
will this card work at any ATM?
Which ATMs am I allowed to get money from?
Where is the closest ATM to me?
Which ATM accepts this bill of fare?
do i have to use a bank approved ATM to withdraw money?
how do I withdraw money?
CAN I USE THIS CARD AT ANY ATM?
What locations can I withdraw money from?
What ATMs accept my card?
and can i withdraw from my account with my card?
can you tell me where I can withdraw money?
what kind of ATMs would this card be accepted at
are there specific ATM's that I can draw money from?
where can i get my money out?
Do i have to use bank approved ATM's?
where can i find Mastercard ATMs?
What ATMs can i use my card at?
What ATM machines allow this card?
Owhere can I do a cash withdrawal?
Where should I withdraw money from?
where are the ATMs that accept this card?
is there a way to find an ATM around me?
will any ac machines refuse my card???
what ATMs can I use my card at?
What cash stations take this card?
what ATMs can I use this card at?
Give me a list of the ATMs that accept my card
can i use my card at an ATM?
Where is the closest ATM i can use?
Where's the nearest Mastercard ATM?
Where can I get my cash from my card?
How do I find an a ATM that accepts this card?
i need an ATM right now
What ATMs accept Mastercard?
What is the closest ATM?
what ATMs use this card?
what ATMs do I can use this card in?
can i get money out of any machine?
Is the closest ATM to me within 2 miles?
i need to withdraw money where can i do that?
Can i use my card in another ATM?
Where is a Mastercard ATM?
where r the Mastercard ATMs?
where can I withdraw money from?
where can I withdraw money from?
Can I use a different bank ATM than my own?
need to know where i can withdraw money
At which ATMs can you use it?
is the nearest place to withdraw money?
Is there a list of ATM's that take this card?
Is there a mastercard ATM nearby?
Am I limited to what ATM I can use my card?
how do i know where i can get money withdrawn?
Tell me what ATM's take this card.
Where are the ATMs that I can use MasterCard?
Where is an ATM?
which places can i withdraw money from?
Can you use this card at all ATM's?
Is there any ATM's near me that accept this card?
i need help at ur department with finding my nearest ATM
where i can withdraw money from.
Which ATM accepts this circuit board?
How many ATMs will take this card?
What ATMs can I use this card at?
is this card accepted by ATMs?
Are there only certain ATM machines where I can use this card?
where can i find a mastercard ATM?
Tell me what ATMs use this card
Which ATM take that card?
How far is the nearest ATM from me?
Can you tell me the ATM's I can use with my card?
Where's a Mastercard ATM???
i need to know where i can withdraw money.
are there any specific ATM's I can use with this card?
how can i find an ATM?
how can i tell if an AMT will take this card?
How do I know it's a Mastercard ATM?
ATMs which ones will accept this card?
where can i get ATM?
What ATM accepts Mastercard?
Can I withdraw from any ATM?
hey i found a huge payment in my old statements which i am sure was not made by me, im sure its too soon but is
what is the word?
Please help me find out why there's an odd direct debit in my records.
I'm seeing in the app a diret debit that its not mine.
i did not make a direct debit payment.
I got a weird charge on my debit statement
There's a Direct Debit that looks suspicious though.
Why was my account deducted from the seller when I didn't agree?
why is there a direct debit payment on my statement that I did not do?
A direct debit payment that I didn't authorise shows up in my app.
My app has a payment i know i did not do..can you cancel that transaction and credit my account please?
I wanted to dispute a direct debit
Is it possible to dispute a debit payment from a couple of months ago?
A Direct Debit I didn't do shows in my app
I see a direct debit transaction in my history that I didn't set up.
My app shows a fake direct debit payment
I am having problems finding out what that is.. Direct debit?
There was some money taken from my account that I don't remember paying for. Am I able to look up this transaction which was a few
what is this debit in my statement?
what is this charge on my card?
A few weeks ago there was a strange transaction made on my account by a seller I don't know, I'm sure i didn
I just saw a fraud charge on my statement a couple months back. Does my bank have strict rules regarding disputing transactions in my account?
I have a mysterious debit transaction on my statement
Whats the deal?
my account shows i did a debit to someone that i can't remember and would like to find out who did it to.
I don't recognize the direct debit payment from the app.
I don't make it so I need a refund on the direct debit that shows up in the app.
hey i think someone stole my card numbers there's a purchase showing up on my app from a store pretty far away from me....
i was just goin over my transactions the past couple months and noticed a large type charge that I know I didnt make...so,
there was a charge made on my card a couple weeks ago, i dont recall making the purchase, neither do i remember the company itself
the one is a direct debit one that i dont recognize.
whats this debit in my statement?
this debit is not my transcation, how do I get my money out back?
How can I get my money back for a payment i didn't make
I don't recognize the direct debit payment on my account.
a direct debit shows up in the app but i didnt authorize it
i'm seeing a direct debit payment that isn't me.
i see a direct debit transaction that I didn't make.
Could I raise a dispute for a large payment that i found out was not done by me in my couple of last statements? I am aware its delayed now. Please help me out.
I don't know where a direct debit payment came from
if there is a DIRECT debit that i didnt create, who do i contact?
uhmm.....it was a direct debit from my account uhm.... i didnt authorize it
I'm checking my statements and I saw a purchase from a couple weeks ago that I don't recall at all.Not only that,
I don't recognise a direct debit payment
Theres a debit transaction on my statement that I dont think is mine and what do I do?
there is a debit i dont recognize.
there are automatic debits on my account that I did not make.
maybe i need to dispute a direct debit payment
there is a weird payment showing in my app that i havent made myself, i havent used the card at all that day
I didnt do a direct debit fee in the app
What do I do about a debit on my account that I didn't make?
I did not set up a direct debit I have
if I found an error in my account for a transaction I didn't make, how long can I dispute it?
There's a direct debit that I didn't authorize.
can u help me out whats going on with a debit payment that is showing up on my account im not sure its suppose to be there?
now i see a direct debit i didnt know of
I found a charge on my debit that I didn't make.
how do i challenge a debit?
how can i dispute a debit transaction?
My statement shows a strange direct debit.
i have a debit charge and it isnt a clue why?
I just noticed I supposedly paid a seller a while back, the problem is, I don't recognize the seller. There must be
in my app, a debit payment that I didn't do shows up.
theres an unauthorized direct debit in my app.
I see a direct debit that isn't mine what can I do?
My account statements show a debit payment that I didn't make it's from some time ago I need to know if it is disputable.
there is a debit transaction on my statement I didn't make
the direct debit payment is on my account that i didnt authorize.
I didnt set up the direct debit i have.
what do i do if i find a debit charge that I know I didn't do in my bill statement?
i dont know what this charge is for
What do I do if there is a direct debit on my account that shouldn't be there?
i think i am a victim of fraud...i noticed there was a charge on my account that I didn't do cuz
I don't recognize a direct debit charge on my account.
Recently a few weeks ago there was a transaction on my account by some seller that I don't recognize, im very sure that didn't
but someone else charged my card
Am I able to look back at a transaction to see who with drawled some money from my account? I don't remember authorizing this a few weeks ago, but wanted to double check who took the money.
how do i dispute a direct debit on my account?
I didn't pay through direct debit like on my app
theres a direct debit payment that i don't recognize.
How do I dispute a debit that I didn't make?
I dont know where this debit transaction on my statement came from.
the app shows a direct debit that i didn't do.
The app is showing a direct debit that I never made.
i just checked my app for my account and there's an 'authorized charge' on it I haven't used my card today
i want a refund on a direct debit
I just checked my old statements and there was a discrepancy with that big transaction, I'm sure I didn't do it.
Theres a debit paymet that I don't recognize
what do i do about a debit i don't make on my card?
i need help addressing a direct debit that I did not do myself.
I see a direct debit transaction in my app that I didn't make.
I see a direct debit payment on my statement that wasn't me
how long after i receive my statement can i dispute payments on it?
How do I dispute a direct debit transaction?
i see a transaction a couple of weeks ago in my account, from a seller that I don't recognize. Is there
what is this charge i didnt do it what can i do
i got a direct debit on my records, that is weird and i need help.
i wanted to dispute a payment i didn't make
i found a direct debit i would like to dispute
I saw a money taken out of my account a while back..I don't know the seller, but I'm pretty sure
there is a direct debit program i havent authorized.
I can't recognise this Direct Debit payment.
i would like to dispute a direct debit transaction.
please help i was checking in my account and i see a transaction with a seller i don't remember.is it possible for
why is there a direct debit set up in my name?
I don't recognize this debit in my bill?
I don't have a direct debit.
I need to dispute a direct debit
My account has a Direct Debit Charge that I have never seen before
I may have been billed for something by a fraud
I just went through an old statement and noticed a very large payment went through and I did not make it...it was from a few months ago
i dont see a debit from my account.
I've got a direct debit I didn't set it up
i've gone through my statements and noticed there is a big payment I didn't make can i still dispute the payment??
I see a charge for a direct debit, that wasn't me.
a strange transaction made on my account a couple weeks ago by a seller I don't recognize.May you please check on this transaction for
I have a direct debit that can be fake.
I have a direct debit I didn't set up
Help, in the app there is a debit I don't remember
a direct debit in the app that i dont recognize plz help
how do i get a refund for a direct debit payment i didnt make?
I have to cancel a debit card transaction
I think I got charged in an error on my debit statement
?Buys I didn't make are on my bank statement?
a direct debit payment that i didnt did that looks on my app
theres a payment showin in the app today even though i havent used my card at all I want a refund.
Unusual direct deposit
I haven't paid the direct debit into my account.
People are using my debit card - help
I have an unfamiliar direct debit in my statement.
How do I contest a direct debit that I didn't do?
Weird Direct Debit Payment...
I have an unauthorized direct debit on my account
i got an unknown charge.
what do I do if there is an eDebit that isn't right?
There is a payment that I know I didn't make.. I didn't use my card that day and I'm sure of it
after scouting transactions for the last few months i noticed a pretty large charge that i know I did not make.... i know
Someone else made a direct debit transaction on my account
How can i dispute a direct debit charge on my account?
i've got a direct debit I didn't make.
I have an unauthorized charge.
a debit came through and i gotta question it
i have a payment in my app that I didn't make.i've not used that card all day......please reimburse me.
I do not know what this Direct Debit payment is.
i see a direct debit on my app that i didn't do
How do I get a refund for an unauthorised direct debit payment?
there was a direct debit I dont recognize.
I see an unfamiliar Direct Debit payment.
in the app i see a direct debit that i dont know
Why am I seeing a direct debit thats not mine?
Can I dispute a debit payment i'm seeing that I didn't make from a couple of months ago?
there is a direct debit set up that I didn't create.
there is a direct debit charge that i don't recognize, what can I do?
i havent used my card all day but there is an abnormal payment showing in my app i want that amount to be reimbursed
i don't know what this direct debit payment on my account is for.
there is a direct debit charge on my account that is not mine.
i see a direct debit transaction that is not mine in the app
I don't think I authorised a direct debit.
I didn't initiate a direct debit that I see on my account
why is there a direct debit fee in the app when i didn't do it?
there's a payment i dont think i know
a couple of weeks ago i got a debit from my account...can't remember how it happened...can i trace it to make
what should i do about a direct debit that i didn't set up?
there was a direct debit transaction I have don't think should be there.
i just found this payment some time ago i did not make, can i still dispute it even though it was a couple of months ago
I do not recognize a direct debit payment that I see on my app
my account was charged a debit payment i don't recognize.
a pay with money i didn't do shows in my app
my accounts charged for something I didn't make.
just looking back on my transactions a couple of months ago I noticed a pretty big charge that I'm certain was not completed by me. I
I see a direct debit charge that I didn't approve.
the app shows direct debit payments I didn't make
I have an unknown direct debit payment on my account
there is a direct debit, i didnt set that up, what should i do?
I see a direct debit I didn't authorize
I know this is late but I just went through my statements for the last couple of months and theres one quite huge payoff that I definitely haven
i checked my account and see that funds were deducted from a seller I didn't approve of can you help me understand?
i haven't used the card all day so there is a transaction showing in my app and i didn't make it so PLEASE
i have an app that shows a direct debit that isn't mine.
i havent used my card all day, but there is a payment shown in the app, cancel it please.
You got a payment showing on my app that I didn't, can you cancel this payment and refund me?
why is there a direct debit to my account i didn't do that.
Help me i don't know what my password is.
I thought I knew my password but I guess I was wrong, what can I do now?
I forgot my passcode and cant access my app...
i can't remember my password
What should I do if I don't know my password?
Need a new passcode
I cant log in with this passocde
I forgot my passcode now what??
what's the steps to reset my passcode?
where do i reset the passcode?
I have no idea what my password is.
I can't remember my passcode
I forgot my code.
help me...the passcode doesn't work
the passcode is not working for me.
is there a way to recover my password?
Can you look my password up?
what is my password?
I forgot my password to get into the app.
Why doesn't my passcode work?
I forgot my password
i forgot the passcode on my app
I seem to of forgotten my passcode
I can't understand why my pass code is not working
but my passcode wont work
how do i reset my passcode?
Not sure what my password is
how do i get my passcode back?
I don't remember my login code.
i need a new login code
Help i forgot my password
I forgot my passcode
what the hell is up i've entered my passcode and it's not working
Passcode retrieval
My code is not being accepted
I wanna know why my passcode isn't working
I can't find my code.
my password doesn't work
my passcode got denied
I don't know the code for the app.
I can't remember my password
Help me I don't know my code to get into the app.
i used to know my password but not anymore
I forgot my passcode, can i reset it?
i'm entering my passcode and getting an error...
I don't remember my password
where can i get a new pass code?
What are the steps for changing my passcode?
I lost the code and cant get into the app. Please help
I think my passcode was changed
how do i reset the passcode if i have to do that?
I lost my password and I can't log in
what do i do if i can't access my passcode?
the app passcode has completely slipped my mind.
Can you help me reset my passcode i forgot it
how do i change my passcode?
I cannot remember my passcode
I dont have a password
where do I go to reset my passcode?
What if I forgot my passcode?
i totally forgot the code to get into the app.
how do I reset my passcode?
how do I change my password?
Is there a way to reset the passcode?
I can't log in.
HELP I forgot my app passcode
i have to reset my passcode because this one is not working.
I don't remember my passcode?
what to do if i forget my passcode?
can u let me know my code to get into the app?
i cannot remember my passcode, is there a way to get it?
what to do if my passcode wont work?
I have forgotten my passcode
Can I reset my password if I don't have it?
I can't access my account.
lost password, you know?
I cant remember my code, I'm locked out of my account, what do I do now?
Disaster I totally forgot my passcode can you help me?
i want to reset my passcode...how?
i tried to enter my passcode but it is not working...can u help?
I can't get in the app with the passcode.
i forgot the passcode i have for some reason
I have completely forgotten my app passcode.
How do I reset my password?
i lost my passcode
I don't know my password anymore.
tell me how to reset the passcode
I don't remember what my password is.
I need to reset my passcode, Where do i go to do that?
how can i reset my passcode?
how do I get the passcode reset?
Can someone help me to explain to me why my passcode is not working?
I don't have my passcode to access the app.
Can I reset the passcode?
how do i get a new passcode if i forgot mine?
i need to reset the passcode.
I can't enter my pass code
i think i forgot my passcode.
i don't know my password
I forgot the code I need to get in the app.
I don't know my passcode can you help?
How can i reset my passcode?
What if my passcode won't work?
i can't remember my app code, can u reset it?
can someone help me with my passcode?
i tried to withdraw money but got declined, why is that?
why did i get rejected when trying to get my money?
I couldn't get my cash at the ATM
i needed money for a night out with the girls, but i got declined, wut??
Why wasn't i able to withdraw from the ATM?
I tried to get money in hard cash, and was turned down...
Why doesnt cash come out of the ATM?
My withdrawals were going smooth until I got declined today. What is going on?
I tried the Notting Hill ATM and it didn't work...Its my first time to use it and Is my card working?
Why was my request for cash declined?
but where did the money go, i can't get it out of my ATM.
why did my withdrawals get down.
How come I can't get money at the ATM
why was my ATM withdrawal cancelled?
In an ATM I couldnt get cash
why can't i get cash out?
Why can't I take cash out of ATM?
Every ATM I go to is rejecting my card and I don't know why, there should be money on it, can you check to see
I can't get money out of the ATM, but is my card actually working. First time i've tried.
The ATM keeps denying my transaction.I tried 2 different ATMs already...Mayb alls alright with my account...
Is there a reason my cash withdrawal got declined?
but i have a card that wont let me withdraw money.
i cant withdraw money
Can you tell me why my cash withdrawal got declined?
The ATM didn't give me money, why?
my ATM transaction was cancelled.
I got denied cash at a ATM
I couldn't get cash in the atm
Why did I get declined when trying to get cash?
the ATM keeps refusing my card....i tried 2 different ATM's already can you plz check if everythings alright with my account???
Why wouldn't the ATM give me my money?
why are my withdrawals suddenly declined?
i want to know why i was denied cash?
Why couldn't I withdraw from the ATM?
Why is my ATM cash withdrawal not working?
Is my card broken, Can't get cash from the ATM?
i went to notting hill ATM the first time for a cash withdrawal but it didn't work. Does this mean that my card isn
i tried to withdraw money but was told i didn't have money
the ATM keeps declining my Transaction.I tried two different ATMs already, please check if everything is okay with my account.
double check my card withdrawal was working so far but this morning while on the way to work it suddenly got declined
when i tried to withdraw cash i got declined
i needed cash from the a ATM but i couldn't get it.
my aft withdrawal was declined.
when i went to get cash, it was declined
Is my card working?First time I tried using it I tried to get money out of an am, but got nothing.
the ATM machines keep declining my card, and i don't know why, I thought I had money in my account... why is this happening?
Why was my withdrawal requested cancelled by ATM?
i have tried to use my card for the first time at Notting Hill to withdraw cash but it didnt work does this mean my card isn
I tried to withdraw money at the av, but it got declined, don't know why.
tried using my ATM card earlier in a your location for the first time.. didn't work....whats up?
Why cant I take money from my account?
this morning i wanted to withdraw before work but my card got declined... double check for me this is the first time it's declined...
why did I get refused cash?
i tried getting money from Notting Hill ATM earlier. Is my card working okay? First time i tried using it.
I have an ATM card that isn't working for a withdraw
is my card working?this is the first time i tried it
Is there a reason why my card was declined when I tried to withdraw money?
Is the ATM broken I can't get cash
what is my monthly spending limit cause i got refused my money at an atm.
I can't get cash from the ATM.
when i tried to get my money, i wasnt allowed to
i had my card rejected by two ATM and i'm worried something is wrong wit my account.. can you please check if it
i tried using my card but the atari wouldnt cash anything
I tried to withdraw cash at the ATM, and it didn't work... can you tell me why?
ATM withdrawal not working
tried using my atm card at your notting hill location today and it didn't work.am i doing something wrong?
I tried to get money out of an ATM in Notting Hill earlier, but it didn't work. Is my card actually working? It's the first time I tried using it
I can't get cash out of ATM
My withdrawal from the ATM was cancelled.
i'm trying to take money from my account but its not letting me, help
Why can't the ATM let me withdraw money?
i got my cash withdrawal declined why?
Why couldn't I get cash from an ATM?
I tried getting cash in the ATM, but it was not authorized
is it something wrong with my ATM card.Tried using it earlier it didn't work.
The ATM keeps rejecting my Payment. I tried two different ATMs and didnt work.Can you please check if everything is okay with my account
why cant i get money out of this ATM?
i was getting some cash out of the att, but it cancelled on me without warning.
I couldn't withdraw money at an ATM o
Why can't I withdraw money from my account?
i tried getin cash in the ATM but the thing got refused
my card refused to take cash out, why?
y was my cash withdrawal declined by the ATM?
I couldn't get the ATM to work
totally unacceptable..I'm stranded with no cash because the ATM wouldn't give me any money..
Help my card is not working at the ATM and I know I used the right PIN and trying to get the money.
I tried pulling cash from ATM but it wouldn't let me.
I tried getting money out of Notting Hill ATM earlier but couldn't get it to work....Is my card at fault? First time I tried
Can you please tell me why can't I get money from the ATM?
I just cant seem to get it to work I used the pin I had, but it may be wrong.what can I do to fix this?
hi i never had any issues getting a withdrawal from my card but on the way to work i received a refusing...can i
my card didnt work at the adm in notting hill.is my card working?
why am i not able to get cash from the ATM?
My card got frozen because I put too much pin in the wrong place....how many tries do I have?
I cant get money out of the ATM with my card.I just put my card in the ATM but it wont allow me to take any money
Why couldn't I take cash off of the ATM?
Would you check my Card.... withdraw was working fine so far but this morning suddenly got declined Can you check the problem?
why wont the ATM give me the cash withdrawal I wanted?
I have a problem withdrawing cash.
Why can't I get cash at the ATM?
Why can't I take out cash?
i tried to get cash, it got rejected
Hi, i can't use my card in ATM and i tried 2 but both declined my card.check my account.
ATM doesnt let me take money out
I can't pull money from the ATM... but I don't know why.
why wouldnt the atm give me money
My cash withdrawal was declined, why?
I think maybe it's something wrong with my card i've never had issues with withdraws before but on the way to work this morning it
Why can't I get cash at the ATM?
Why couldnt I get cash at the ATM?
my card doesn't work, can't get cash out at an ATM
Why can't I withdraw cash from this ATM?
Why can't I withdraw money?
The atm wouldn't give out cash
what made my cash withdrawal get turned down?
Why won't the ATM give me cash?
why do i get declined when i try to withdraw cash?
what was the reason that my card got declined?
they cancelled a transaction on me trying to get some cash out
Why can't I get cash at the ATM?
atm refused to give me money
I got declined when I tried to withdraw cash.
I couldn't get money from the ATM
I tried to use an ATM today, it wouldn't accept my card.
The ATM didn't let me withdraw cash.
I tried the Notting hill ATM earlier, but couldn't get anything out..is it a problem with my card its the first time
please help me with my card..i have tried to use my card in two different ATMs and repeatedly it was declining by ATM.
The atm wouldn't let me withdraw money
why cant i withdraw my money thru this card?
is there a problem with my account?When i tried to withdraw cash at an ATM i was denied.
ATM seems to be screwed up couldn't access my account?
why is my card being declined at the ATM?I have tried several ATMs and i keep running into the same problem.Can you verify that everything
the ATM wouldn't let me have my money.
i was trying to get cash in the aamm but it was cancelled
Is it something wrong with the ATM....it wouldn't let me pull cash out of my account...
hi in the morning i was trying to withdraw money from my card, but got declined, so far it was working fine, could you please check my
I went to the astrator today...i got declined, need to fix this problem ASAP..whats up?
i can't get any money from my account
i tried to withdraw cash but got declined.
THE ATM WON'T LET ME GET CHASH WHY?
Can't withdraw any money from my account... tried a couple different adm machines, and both wouldn't give me my money...
Why was my atm withdrawl declined
Why r i declined if i had money in my account
Why was my cash withdrawal cancelled at the ATM?
Why can't I withdraw cash?
Why can't I withdraw cash?
I just had my card declined at the azt,I need to get money out but I can't,why has this happened?
i entered the correct pin but still couldnt get funds.
My card won't work at an ATM
why does the amt always decline my card? i tried multiple times on different machines, i thought i had enough money so pl
i entered my pin in wrong and got it frozen.how many tries do i have?
its the first time i tried to get my money out of an atm and it did not work please give me my money
Why am I having trouble withdrawing cash?
i tried to withdraw money from the ATM..but it was cancelled
I couldn't get money from an ATM
i think its a card issue.. it was declined on the way to work this morning.. this haven't happened in the past
I tried to get money in cash, but it got rejected
My ATM withdrawal was cancelled
i might need a new card cause it's not working at any of the ATM's. I don't think ive used all
check my card withdrawal was working so far.but this morning suddenly got declined.can you please check the problem?
i tried to get money off my card but couldnt get it out how can i get it?
I can't get the ATM to give me any cash
I'm unable to get cash out of the ATM
how come the atm wont give me my money?
i tried to withdraw cash from your ATM but my transaction was cancelled.
Why did the ATM cancel my transaction?
Why wouldn't the ATM give me cash?
Why wouldn't my withdrawal go through?
I tried getting cash at the ATM but got denied.
The ATM didn't let me get cash
why can't i withdraw money, even though i have done it previously just fine?
i tried to take out cash, but i got declined
how come i was declined?
what does it mean if payment is pending?
Why does my purchase from this morning say payment is pending?
the purchase I made is still pending.
is there a problem with the payment that i see is still pending?
a payment that i made has not gone through yet.
How long does it actually take for a card payment to go thru...there's one stuck since a couple days already and doesn't seem
Why does my payment show up as pending??
how long does a payment usually ring in and is it normal that mine is still pending??
why does my payment pending?
i have a card payment with it showing pending
i paid with my card.. but it's never changed.. how long do u think it'll take?
why is the payment showing as pending from things I bought this morning?
i made a card payment and it is showing me pending.
Why don't my payments work, and show up?
Well, i put in a payment a while ago, and it has still not cleared, it has show up as pending how long does
Why are the things I bought earlier today still showing up as pending??
Card payment still pending
My card payment is just showing up as pending since forever, whats going on with that? It should be going through at some point.
I have a payment that has not gone through yet.
I did a bit ago and it is still showing as pending how long does it take to clear?
Why's my purchase showing up as pending?
How long will it take for my payment to go through?
But after paying with my card it didn't seem to work, it's just hanging in the air. When is it going to happen???
It says pending payment why?
why is my payment pending?
i still have my card payment waiting?
card payment still waiting... why?
i've been waiting for my card payment to go through... whats up here and when?
How come my card payment is still pending?
I notice my card has an pending payment on it
how is my card payment still pending?
why is my card payment pending?
What does pending payment mean?
Why is my payment pending?
what does it mean to say I have a payment that is pending???
My card payment is showing pending however this transaction was a couple of days ago. Is there a reason why it it still pending?
pending card payment on my account.
why is there a charge pending on my card still?
My card payment says pending and it hasn't changed
Card payment show as pending
whats the longest that a payment will sit pending there is one showing a few days.
i tried to pay, but i couldn't get it to go through...so what's up?
Why is the payment on my card still pending?
What's up with this payment?
why haven't i got my money yet?
I have made a payment and it doesn't seem to have made it through yet
my card payment was on hold forever whats the problem...it should have gone through some time
pending payment
why hasn't my card payment cleared yet?
i made a card payment a couple of days ago now but it looks like the money is stuck.How long does it typically take for the
my payment take so long to go through
what does it mean if my payment is pending?
but when will my payment go through
My card payment is still pending
how long does a payment show as pending before i should worry about it?
Why is my card payment pending?
i made a card payment by my card but it failed.Please let me know when the payment will get complete as its still pending.
Hi, status of one of my card payment is still pending from a while...please let e know how much time it will take to complete
after i make a payment how long before it passes from pending to complete?
my card payment is showing up as pending for a very long time... whats going on with that, it should be going through at some point
but i have purchases from this morning showing up as payment pending....can you tell me why?
There is a payment that hasn't been processed.
I'm still waiting on a payment
i need to find out why my pending payment hasn't gone through.
Im waiting for payment to go through
why does my card payment pending, its been pending i dont know why and when might it go through.
i did a payment with my card but seems that didn't work, it's still listed as pending since a while ago,
I need to know when a payment will actually go through...I done a payment with my card but it's just showing as pending at
When will the transaction go through?
my card payment has been stuck on pending.whats the problem it should have gone through by now.
Why is my purchase this morning still pending?
my card has a transaction on it and it says pending.
I have a pending payment on my card...Why?
i have a card payment that's been on hold for awhile and i want to know when its going to go through.
i paid a while ago and it was showing up as pending in my account,how long will it take to complete?
what does pending payment mean?
hey, i made a payment with my card and it's not working.... its been a while and still say its pending....
hey, one is still coming as pending for which i have already paid by card, i guess it didnt processed, could you please
my buy from this morning is still in the works
Why is my card payment still on hold?
one of my card payments looks like it's stuck but i have made the payment days ago how long until the payment will be applied to my account
I don't know what pending transaction means.
My card payment is just showing up as pending since forever, what's going on with that, when should it be going through?
it says pending status for my payment why?
pending transaction?
And I saw theres a payment on my card.
when is the payment I made with my card going to clear
my card payment is pending for a while now, why is it taking so long to take. It should have already made it through.
And what does that mean if it says my payment is pending?
Why are my purchases from this morning still pending?
i was wondering why my payment hasnt gone through yet....it has been a while.
My card payment has been on pending for ages, what's the problem it should have gone through at some point now.
i did a card payment, but it's still on its way, check and if it works out then it would be done
i paid a card and it didnt make it to completion, but its still pending, when will it be done?
Why hasn't my payment come through?
why is my card payment still pending? it should have gone through already.
I made a purchase this morning, and it's showing as pending.
there's a one payment on my card and it shows pending.
i just made my card payment just 2days ago and it hasn't moved since.
how long does it take for my payment to process?
Why would my card payment show up as pending?
why aren't my payment funds available to me?
I got some this morning but the payment says pending
why is my payment still pending?
Is there something wrong that shows pending on my payments?
i just bought it today but it's still up for sale
hehe, whats up with my payment process
I have a payment that hasnt gone through yet.
i paid it but it's still pending.
How long does it take for a new purchase to stop being considered pending?
Was wondering how long it takes for a payment to go through...i mean... My last payment seems stuck, hasn't moved yet.
why did i have to wait on paying my card???
why would my payment still show as pending?
I have a payment that isn't approved yet...
what is that saying, that I have a payment pending?
There's a pending payment on my account...what does this mean?
Why haven't I got my card payment already on my account?
i bought some things in the morning but the pay showing is pending
I don't know what a pending payment is
why am i a pending payment?
How long actually does it take for a card payment to go through....One stuck since a couple days already and it doesnt seem to move much
i buy a bunch today, but why is it showing up, pending???
there is a payment showing as pending and hasn't posted for a few days. When will it post?
I made payment by my card and its still pending since long time please let me know when it will process
well i made a payment with my card a while ago and it is still showing up as pending what time frame does this normally take...
my card says it is pending.
im still awaiting payment
i bought some thing this morning, the payment is still pending.
there is a pending transaction on my account, what does this mean?
i made a payment and it's pending will it go through?
a few days since i tried to pay a seller, but the funds aren't going through, what's going on?
i made the payment that seemed stuck to me, its been a couple of days already, can u tell me how long it would take?
i made a payment that isn't complete yet
Why hasn't my payment showed up yet?
What do you mean by pending payment?
My payment is in the app but hasn't gone through yet.
how long does it take to process a regular transaction?i see a pending payment that hasn't changed in the last few days?
why ain't my payshone gone thru yet?
my payment is stuck on pending
why is my payment on hold?
What is the pending length for credit transactions? have one in my pending category now for days and it won't move to process.
how long does it take for a payment to change from pending?
my credit card payment is in pending status for a super long time...I don't get it why is it like this?
why hasn't payment gone through yet?
why is this payment still not being paid?
Why is the payment from my card still pending?
what is the pending payment on my card about?
it says, pending payment, but what does that mean?
I tried to pay with my card i got declined it but why?
Why is it saying I have a pending payment?
Is there something wrong with my card payment, it's been pending a really, really long time
My purchases from this morning still have pending payments.
when will my pending payment finally close?
i used my card a while ago and its still pending, why is it taking so long?
How long does it take for a purchase to go from pending to authorised???
my card has been pending for awhile, what should i do?
there is a payment I made that I noticed hasnt gone thru yet...can i ask why?
my card payment is just showing up as pending and it's been a while, whats going on with that, it should be going through
how long will my payment be pending?
My phone got stolen, what should I do?
I got my phone stolen, what should I do?
I lost my phone what should i do?
someone has stolen my phone what should i do?
I think i lost my phone.What can I do to prevent anybody from getting into my account???
my phone got stolen...what should i do?
Can I use the app without my phone?
My bag got stolen from me yesterday so I can't use any apps or anything I need some help.
someone stole my phone, whats my next move?
forgot my phone at the hotel so I can't access the app.
Help my phone was stolen.. let me know..
My phone was lost
I need help i got robbed yesterday and they took everything and i cant use the app.
I can't find my phone and I'm worried somebody is going to use it.
I lost my phone, will my card still work?
i cant find my phone or it's been stolen
i can't use the app bc i got mugged yesterday and they took everything help
What do I do since my card got stolen?
What do I do if my phone was stolen?
wat should i do if i cant get the app?
What do I do if my phone gets stolen?
i left my phone somewhere and cant use the app.
I can't use the app and someone mugged me and stole my stuff. What do I do?
I got mugged yesterday and they took everything I can't use the app, so I need some help.
I don't know where my phone is.
if my phone was stolen do i need to do anything?
Help I got hit with everything stolen and what do I do to stop them gaining access?
my phone lost and i need help accessing my account.
stolen a phone what should i do
Help me my phone got lost or stolen
my app was on the phone and i was mugged. what do i do?
i dont have the device to log on and can't
I lost my phone.can I use my card without the app?
what should I do if my smart phone is lost or stolen?
if I lost my phone what should i do to stop anyone using my account?
If someone else has my phone can they use my account? i lost mine.
My phone has been stolen so please help
phone is gone. What should i do
im not in possession of my phone...is it still possible to go about things normally without access to the app?
i lost my phone.can i disable to app?
phone gone dont want someone else to get account info
Is there something that I can do since my phone was stolen yesterday?
i think my phone was stolen so what should i do?
Is it possible to have my phone at the hotel?
i lost my phone..what do i need to do?
Someone took my phone out of my hotel room
can i b accessed by a thief?i got mugged.
my phone is missing or stolen.
i lost my phone so i cant use the app...does this mean i cant use my card?
I left my phone in a hotel so I cant use the app.
my phone was stolen yesterday,can u help me with this?
I got mugged recently, but do I have to have an app to use your services, and how to go about setting it up on a new
my phone is at the hotel. How can i use the app.
My cards were stolen
My phone has been lost or stolen
my phone's been stolen by someone
What should I do if someone stole my phone?
My phone is stolen, how can I make sure no one uses my account from it?
can i use your services,without access to app?
i was mugged. They took everything. I can't use the app. What do I do?
how do i protect my phone from someone using it after i lost it
my phone was left behind..can i still use my card???
Phone gone.
I just replaced my phone so do i have to make a new account?
everything i have was stolen yesterday so i don't have access to the app what should i do
i forgot my details and cant make a payment coz i don't have my mobile device.
what do i do if i lost my phone?
i do not have my cell so i cannot access the system to complete the transaction.
i don't have my phone anymore what should i do?
i lost my phone and need help so someone doesnt get on my account...
i had my phone stolen yesterday plz advise.
i lost my phone and need help protecting it.
I dont know where my phone is
i can't use the app because I got mugged yesterday and they took everything.I need some help
what to do if my phone is lost or stolen?
what do i do if i can't access the app?
I have lost my phone
What to do about a stolen phone
i lost my phone, what can I do to prevent someone using my account?
I have my phone stolen, what do i do?
Help, I think my phone might be stolen or lost
I donot have my phone with the app...what should i do?
can i still use the app after my phone got stolen?
i lost my phone and what do i do to lock it so my account is not accessed.
I no longer have my phone.
i cant get to my app what do i do?
yesterday my phone was stolen from me..what do i need to do bout it
my phone got stolen, how to use the app?
My phone got stolen. What can I do?
i left my phone in the hotel and i can't use the app now.
How do i access my account if I lost my phone??
either it's been stolen or i lost my phone.
I can't find my phone, what can I do to stop someone from having access to my account on it?
How should i do if i lost my phone?
My phone was left in a hotel and I couldn't get to it.
Hi, I lost my phone yesterday, what can I do to stop someone using my account on it?
I can't find my phone, how should I do?
theres my phone missing.
do i need my ph to use the app?
left my phone at the hotel, couldn't use app
How do I use my card if I lost my phone?
hello i lost my phone and i'm worried that someone is going to steal money from me
if i lose my phone how can i stop someone from accessing my account through the app?
my phone was taken yesterday,so is there something i need to do?
i can't use the app.my phone is lost at the hotel.
If I lost my phone at the hotel, Can I still use the app?
I don't know where my phone is, but can someone else use the app?
my phone was taken yesterday, what should I do about my account?
my phone is lost i dont want someone to use my account what can i do?
My phone was stolen
I just replace my phone, but what do I do with my card info?
What do I do if my smart phone gets stolen?
How can i stop somebody to use my card after i lost it yesterday.
do i have to do anything i had my phone stolen yesterday?
Help what should I do my phone was stolen yesterday
I left my phone at the hotel
everything was stolen from me, i can't use the app plz advise
my stuff was stolen i need to know if i can still use this app.
lost my phone what is account security?
I lost my pho and what can i do to block someone else using my e account?
phone in hotel can i still use app
How long does it take to get my money back on something I bought?
and how can i get my money back for something i bought?
Can i cancel this buy?
i want to return an item for a refund can i?
can i get a refund
but i still havent got anything i ordered i want a refund but should i just cancel it?
Where do I get a refund?
i want to know more about product refunds
do you offer refunds?i would like to return purchase.
What is the process for canceling a purchase?
I need to cancel a purchase that I made the other day.
hi, how do i get a refund of a purchase, i wanna cancel the payment because i havent received it yet
i need to get a refund and cancel a purchase and i need it as quickly as possible
I bought the wrong size but I wanted a refund
I want to know about your refund policy
Can I cancel an order if I haven't received it yet? How can I get my money back? Please help..Thanks
Hey i want to get a refund on something i bought but not sure how to go about it, can you please cancel the payment,
i was ordered online almost a month ago and never got my package and I paid for it and i'm quite aggravated... and
That charge is wrong.
I ordered it awhile ago and it never arrived so I want a refund
Is there a way you can have money from a purchase I made refunded to my account.
I changed my mind on something, how do i get a refund?
I decided I no longer want something I ordered and want a refund. How do I go about doing that?
How do I get a refund for something I bought?
i just purchased it but I am not buying it and i need to get my money back,can you please give me a refund ASAP its
Please help me get a refund?
What's the refund policy?
I just bought an item and changed my mind.I have not received it yet.How can I get refunded.Thank you
are refunds allowed for certain items.
I need to cancel a purchase?
i have a wrong charge and want a refund.
I bought stuff and I want my money back
I bought something and I want my money back
Could you give me a refund?
if i bought something i didnt like how could i get a refund?
I Bought Something I Need A Refund For.
i want to cancel a purchase
can i get it back for some thing i bought?
My order hasn't shown up yet.what can i do?
I have a package that is taking too long to arrive and I don't want it anymore....can i get a refund?
I wanna cancel my order
i want to get this fee reversed.
I WANT A REFUND
I have a order I placed a long time ago and have yet to get one and I'm getting upset.. i want a
i ordered something online a while ago and i haven't gotten it.. i would like a refund.
i got a wrong color size, can i get it back?
is it possible to get a refund?
what is your refund policy if I bought something from you??
i want to cancel my purchase
Can I get a item refunded?
PLEASE HELP I NEED A REFUND ON A TRANSACTION ON SOMETHING I BUY AND I NEED THE REFUND
i bought it and i want to get a refund
Hi, I just changed my mind and I really need refund on one thing that I bought recently... Can you cancel the transaction and get me back? Pl
how can i get a refund for an item that has yet to come?
my item that needs to be refunded can u help?
i didn't like my tutor session so i want a refund k0os how can i go about this???
I want to cancel my previous buy.
i want my item to be refunded, plz
I bought something and would like to refund this.Can you put it back in my account?
hey, i ordered a thing but changed my mind and want a refund on it, since i haven't received the thing
Can I have money refunded for something?
What do I need to do to get a refund?
im interested in cancelling a purchase.
So its been over a month and i still havent got them, ordered a pencil for crying out loud, its not that hard to
how do i get my money back for something i bought?
i have an item i ordered, still havent received and i need help getting it refund or cancel.
i need your help to get a refund for an item I just bought,can you cancel the payment since what I bought hasn't arrived
How do I reverse a transaction on my account?
Can I get a refund on a purchase?
i need a refund on something i bought
I wana refunded for my shit
Can I get a refund for something I bought?
Give me a refund
I WANT A REFUND ON THIS.
can u get a thing refunded?
i did an online purchase and the order hasn't shown up...give me my money back
what is the refund process?
Hey i changed my mind, need a refund on something I bought recently can u cancel it get my money back please it's urgent.
How do I get my money back?
i bought something and i want it back can i get help?
what is your refund policy for products I have bought?
i want to be reimbursed for some thing i bought
i got a defective product.
i need a refund. This is not what i wanted.
i bought online and never got it in the mail a week ago can i get my money back but I dont wanna keep waiting on something
can i get a refund on an item?
i think i deserve a refund on something.
I bought a product a week ago, but I might have to return it.
I want to cancel my purchase
hello i just ordered the item i need help canceling and getting a refund asap i need it quick
i would like to cancel a purchase.
I ordered online some weeks ago and I never got my package in the mail and I dont want to wait anymore...If I could get my money back now
can i have it refunded?
I didn't get the item I ordered How should I go about this should I just cancel my order or my payment please help me
its been forever since i ordered online the products simply ne are not coming just give me back my money cuz im not paying these people
I want a refund but i haven't received the item yet.Can i cancel it and get my funds back?How do
I'm going to cancel a purchase.
Am I able to return an item for a refund?
How do I get a refund?
How can I get a refund for something I just bought?
If yes do u give refunds?
tell me how to get a refund for something i bought
i don't want to buy this car anymore can i cancel the transaction and get a quick refund back?
i want a refund on something i bought....is that possible?
I change my mind on a thing i bought through you and I need the transaction canceled and a refund as soon as possible. Can you
Can I get a refund for something I bought?
i want to get refund
How can I get a refund?
How do I get my refund back?
Would I be able to refund an item?
i want my purchases cancelled.
How can I get a refund for something?
I need to refund it, please help.
How do I get a refund for something I bought?
how do i get my money back on a order....i don't have the item so i want to cancel the order how?
do u have a return policy??
I'm unhappy with what I bought... how do I get a refund?
i need money refunded for a problem i have with my product
ive been waiting for something i've ordered for months now and it still hasn't arrived. genuinely don't know what this
what can i do to get the refund?
the product is not working,can I get a refund?
My order needs to be cancelled
Give me back my money Im not paying the sellers....its been a long time since I made an order and it just aint coming.
i ordered something, now i am in buyer's remorse...since what i ordered hasn't come yet...
Can I return an item?
I need my purchase cancelled.
How do I cancel a purchase?
I would like to get a refund on a item
i bought it and now i want a refund.
cancel, something i bought a while ago still doesnt arrive, but i'm not gonna pay them if they won't
I would like to return my purchases
What is the refund process?
can you help me i cancel my order please
can you refund my purchase?
i just bought and wanna stop paying is this possible the item n not received yet
Hey, I just bought something and just need to cancel it... how do I cancel it and get back the money...its so important
i dont have what i ordered yet so i want to cancel and get a refund how should i go about it?
i bought something and now i want a refund
But right now I need to cancel my order.
do you can go back and get some money back?
i want to talk about an order that i placed long ago and have yet to receive. I demand a refund due to lack of delivery of
I NEED THIS Item REFUNDED
i placed an order a while ago and it just isnt comming at this point just give me back my money bco
Hello, I ordered this product and want to return it and haven't been able to get it back for a while now, which is
i need to get something refunded
i want a refund for something.
How do I return something for a full refund?
i never got it, how do i cancel it?
how do i get a refund on something he ordered, i ordered it and i havent received it yet so i want
can you get a refund on this item?
y can u help me process a refund?
Is it possible to give a refund?
i just got something and want to stop pay so tell me, has the item yet been sent?
i haven't get my order and i want refund
Hey I changed my mind I want a refund on one of the things I bought recently Can you cancel the transaction and get me my money back PLEASE PLEASE
i want my refund for this item I bought.
can i get my money back on an item?
well i want to retract my purchase.
I want it refunded.
Hello, I'm having a problem right now, my order from your website still hasn't arrived yet, its been over 3 weeks.
What is the return policy?
I'm cancelling this charge... I still haven't received what I bought from these people a while ago
can i get a refund?
can i have a refund for one of your products?
Can I exchange an item for refund?
i want it refunded can i?
plz tell me your refund policy??
how do i get my money back?
I don't want this anymore can i cancel my purchase?
Transfer 'cannot be completed, states 'declined'
why did i get my transfer declined?
My transfer was rejected
I tried to buy something online yesterday and got a message saying declined. I tried again today and got the same message. What's the problem?
im having trouble dos a transfer....i get a decline message when i do the transfer
the bank transfer was declined
why do you keep refusing my transfers... its been working so far...when i just tried to buy something, the card got declined...i tried
why was a transfer declined
It says declined.
Ive done it but it is being declined now?
But the transfer was eschewed.
Check and tell me why my transfers get declined.
Tell me why my transfer is declined.
I see my transfer was declined
tell me why a transfer would be declined.
why has my transfer been turned down?
why would my transfer get declined?
you turned me down from my transfer
why do you keep decline my transfers.. it's always worked really well so far but when I tried to buy something just now the card got declined
i have a problem with a transfer. It didn't work. Can you tell me why?
Transfer declined.
trying to make a transfer to a different account but they keep getting declined....Ive double checked all the details and the info is correct
why did my transfer not work it says it was declined?
i have no idea why but my transfers keep getting declined...I've double checked all the recipients details several times already and they are definitley right
i tried to buy something over the net yesterday and got declined error. I tried again today and got the same message. What's wrong?
I was doing a transfer and got a decline message.
how do i make my transfer go thru
But my transfer got turned down
but i saw my transfer was declined.
i tried to buy something online yesterday but it kept saying declined. Tried another time today and same thing happened. What's Broken?
why would i get a decline message on a transfer??
Why was one of my transfers declined?
Why am I getting declines when trying to buy online?
Ive been trying to make transfers but keep getting declined notices but I have checked my info more than once and it's up to date
I tried to buy it, but it was declined, and my transfers keep getting declined. Why?
i have been doing some online shopping, but when checking out, it keeps getting declined, I tried a few times and it wouldn't work
It seems like you keep downgrading my transfers...Before, it always worked good...Just now when I tried to buy something, my card
I need to make a transfer but it keeps getting declined I need Help
can you tell me why my transfer declined?
On my transfer there was a "decline" message
Hi, my transfers are getting failed all the time, even though all the recipient details are correct, please advise.
i get a decline message when doing a transfer
my transfer was denied.
My transfer didn't go through...why not?
how do i make sure my transfer isnt going to an unsupported merchant?
What went wrong with me transfer?
i'm having issues with my card, you guys keep declining it for some reason, I haven't had any issues up to this point
how do i check for an unsupported merchant for my transfer request?
why are my transfers getting declined?
i couldn't make a transfer because it was declined
shopping on line, i tried to buy something but was turned down.
Why did I get my transfer rejected?
what does the decline message mean?
i cant make any transfers they wont go through.the details are right as i checked them.can you look in to this please?
How do i contact customer support if my transfer is denied?
, transfer declined, couldnt complete request.
I think my move was turned down.
hello my credit keeps getting declined last night and again today as i try to buy it, hows my card?
I have a transfer that was declined.
I don't know whats up but all my transfers keep getting declined and I have checked all my recipients names and they are all right.
What would be the reason my transfer was declined?
I was declined a transfer
why did my transfer get refused?
i can't transfer money, i think it's not working cause it says it was declined.
i was doing a purchase and it was declined and i wanted to know why
why do transfer declined?
Hi...in online shopping payment is getting declined yesterday and today too...check it.
Help me, my online payment is getting declined since yesterday, while trying to purchase something online.
it's declining my transfers. Normally this works, but my card is being declined now and I've tried more than once.
i tried to transfer but it was turned down
seems like my transfer was declined how come?
Help me figure out why my transfer was declined.
I could not see why the transfer was denied... What the hell?
Tell me why my transfer was refused
i got a message saying that my transfer was declined
I got turned down, whats up with that?
i tried to do a transfer but i got a message that it was declined.
I had everything lined up to make a transfer, and it rejected it
Why are my transfers and purchases getting declined?
How come my transfer was declined?
what do i do with my "decline" message on a transfer?
I tried to buy something online yesterday and it said decline.I got the same error today after trying again.What's up with that?
Why did my payment get declined?
my transfer was declined, why is that?
I've tried to make a purchase, and the card keeps getting declined...why keep denouncing my transfers?
Didn't complete transfer, says Declined
i have problems making a transfer to another account, i keep getting a declined message, i know my putting in is accurate and
I have had my transfer declined.
I wanted to know why my transaction didn't go through
Can't complete transfer, says 'declined'
I got a decline message on a transfer
i wanted to buy something online yesterday but couldnt because the card got declined on the day of and the following day what is wrong with the card.
why did i get declined transfer
i'm sure i have plenty of money to transfer but my transfer is being declined.
why are my transfers being declined? normally it works but now its declining my card.I tried it a few times but still not working.
why i would not get my transfer?
when doing a transfer it read 'declined'
Why did I get declined while on a transfer?
it says that transfer wasn't accepted.
I can't seem to figure out why my transfers are getting declined.
i tried to transfer it and said it declined.
I tried to buy something online yesterday and it said declined, tried again today but the same thing happened Whats wrong??
Im trying to move money from my account to somewhere else, but it is giving me an error message.
i try a couple times to make a purchase and my card keeps getting declined why you keep denouncing my transfers already tried a couple
unsupported transfer declined
Why would a decline message come up on my transfer?
the transfer that i was trying to complete got turned down nw, what was r reason???
I got declined when attempting to transfer.
what are the reasons for a declined transfer?
why would you cancel my transfer?
I got declined and why did this happen?
why does my card get turned down tho?i thought i had enough money in there but i tried a few times now and
please help me out with this transfer.. i cant transfer to a cryptocurrency account... for some reason..
transfer couldn't be completed because it got declined
I just noticed my transfer was declined and I don't know why. Can you help me?
Ive been trying to make a transfer but it wont go through.Ive checked all the receipts and its all right but still wont
I got a declining message during a transfer?tell me why
i think theres been some mistake in my transfer
Ive double checked my recipient details, but for some reason all my transfers keep getting declined, I have no idea why.
I've never had this problem and my transfers get declined now.
Help me, i got a declined transfer...what was up with this?
i try everything i can to complete the transfer, can't.What should i do
i don't know but all my transfers keep getting declined.I've checked over the recipient details twice and they are all right.
Hi, Yesterday I couldn't do online shopping because its getting declined and today I am facing the same problem please help me out
my transfers keep getting declined, my card was working fine up until now, but it has suddenly stopped working. Why is this?
I went to do a transfer and it was declined.
why are all my transfers failing, i have the details right and they won't complete, i've been trying all day and they still
Declined, transfer not finished
i saw that my transfer was declined.
why r u so persistent in refusing transfers, it always working really well so far, but when i tried to buy something just now the
How do I transfer money without getting rejected?
I have a problem with my account.I tried to transfer some money and the message came back declined.Can you help me?
pls explain why i was not allowed to transfer......thank you
I don't see my refund money yet, I asked the merchant a while ago for a refund, so I don't know whats
Why am I not getting my refund?
Please help me I'm still waiting for a refund
I requested a refund but I couldn't see it in my account why?
when will my refund come through?
Why doesn't my refund show up on the statement?
I NEED MY REFUND
why cant you just refund me instead of a merchant?
why havent I been refunded yet?
when will i get my refund?
they said i would get a refund but i don't see it on my statement
A refund is taking too long
i requested a refund from a merchant a while ago, and upon repeatedly checking my statement, the merchant has yet to refund me my money
Why doesn't my refund show up in my statement?
i did a return some time ago and i dont see a refund
how come my refund hasn't appeared on my statement?
How come i'm still waiting for my refund
I keep checking my statements and nothing shows up.... I asked for a refund a long time ago but it seems not reaches my account for some
Why isn't my refund on my statement?
the refund does not show up in my account.
I havent gotten a refund.
Where is my recent refund in my statement?
but i'm missing a refund amount on my account.
i asked for a refund and its not here yet
I have a missing refund
i need a refund right away but i dont have the money in my account
When will my returned transaction show up on my account?
there is a refund missing.
My refund has not arrived and I'm unsure why.. who do I contact?
I need my refund as soon as possible..what else do I have to do?
I can't see my refund in my history.
the refund isn't appearing in my account
How to check if I've received a refund if it's not on my statement yet?
why isn't a refund showing on my statement?
I can't find the refund.
i request a refund from a merchant several days ago, but don't see anything showing up in my account yet. Can you check on
I'm waiting on the refund
How can I find out if a refund is missing?
Hi, last week i contacted seller for refund as directed by you, but i have not received the money yet... please look into this issue
I still don't have a refund
Transaction refund missing from my statement
But i am suppose to be getting a refund for something i purchased but it hasn't showed up in my account.
I WAS WAITING FOR A REFUND WHERE IS IT?
but i was supposed to get a refund, but it is not showing up on my card.
I've been waiting for a refund to show up, and I don't see it on my statement yet.
I cannot see a refund in my account
Give me a refund now i am still waiting
i bought it a few weeks ago and i was not happy so just got a refund from the supplier...can you check where the money
I havnt received my refund yet
why hasn't my refund come to my bank account?
my refund hasn't been credited on my statement yet
I don't have my refund showing right now.
When do I see my recent refund in my statement
Why ain't my refund on my statement??
Hello, I bought it a while ago and have since requested a refund but after checking my online statements it seems that I haven't been
rush, refund me I'm waiting.
I got a refund but I can't see it in my account
I thought I was going to get a refund but I don't see that on my statement. When is it going to be updated?
i do all that was asked of me and am rather frustrated. I don't understand why you just won't credit me my money back...
how do i know when i get my refund?
i had a return charged to my card more than a week why hasnt it show up?
my refund isn't going fast enough
My account is not showing the refund
i requested a refund from a merchant but dont see the money in my account, can u check with the merchant or process the refund manually
But, the refund I asked for isn't showing up.
i haven't received my refund
i'm supposed to have a refund but it's not there
my statement hasn't shown my refund.
no refund showing in my statement.
I can't see all the refunds in my statement.
I am expecting a big refund from a store I returned merchandise to recently, and they say they have sent the money but I don't see
i requested a refund from a seller a while ago i keep checking my statement but i havent been refunded yet
Please update me on whether you have received the funds for the refund of the large purchase I made recently. I have requested this from the merchant days ago but still haven't got anything.
I can't find my refund on my statement
I got my statement but I don't see my refund, why?
Why is it taking so long with my refund?
can u tell me why i dont see my refund on my statement???
i requested a refund directly from the seller but i still don't have it...i just want you to send me my money back.
when should I get my refund
cards refund was not showing up in my statement.
Why is my refund missing in my statement?
Please send my refund now.
Hi, A seller I requested a refund from a long time ago has yet to send the money to my account, even though I keep checking it
Why isn't the refund on my statement?
My refund is still pending
I requested a refund from Next because the dress I purchased had three arm holes. They said they sent the refund last Wednesday which is nearly a week ago and I still don't have it.  Why not?
Where is my refund... seems to be missing...
if my refund doesnt go through who should i contact?
Please i need your help to see if you have any money for a large refunded purchase I made I requested it some time ago from
i asked for a refund for a big order the other day and i don't think i got the money can u tell
Why isn't my refund showing up?
i contacted the seller, but he wont respond, please just refund me my money
i am still waiting for a refund
i requested a refund from a seller a while ago, but when I check my statements it doesn't show up. Can you help
I thought I would get a refund but I don't see it.
I contacted the seller last week about a refund but he still hasnt returned my money. I am frustrated and need these funds. Please
i'm noticing that a huge purchase still hasn't been refunded, i called and he said he would
Hi I am waiting for a refund for something I bought, i have contacted the merchant directly and had nothing back.can you tell me
I need a refund for a very big purchase I made short ago.I reached out to the store a week ago,but I still have
Please help I can't find my refund
i have asked for a refund but i cannot see it.
I keep checking to see if i got a refund that i requested from a seller... but not seeing it...help me get the
how does my statement get updated so i know when a refund will reflect on my balance?
Can I check my recent refund in my statement?
I was suppose to be getting a refund for something I purchased a while ago, but it still hasn't been applied to my account,
I have not shown my refund on my statement
do i have a refund
hi, would you please tell me if you have or have not received funds for a refund that I recently requested for a big purchase, I
Didn't I get my refund? I don't see it.
Im still waiting to find out the status of my refund. I have tried to find out what the status is but I can't.
I keep checkin my statement and nothing shows up, I wanted a refund a long time ago but it seems not to get to my account.
i contacted seller last week for a direct refund but he still hasnt given me my money, what should i do?
i can't view the refund in my account.
Why hasnt my refund come up on my statement?
My refund isn't showing up in my account where is it??
but my refund has not shown up in my account. where is it?
what time can I expect a refund?
how long will it take me to get my money back?
I keep checking statements and nothing progress.I need a refund but it's not getting to me...can u help me get it back?
Can you let me know where my refund money is? I requested a refund a few days back, but it's not showing up yet.  Do you guys have the money yet? Maybe it's just not in my account.  Let me know when it will become available, please.
My statement doesn't state a refund has been issued
Why isn't my refund on my statement?
when will i see the refund
my refund is not showing up on my statement.
i haven't received a refund from a recent return on my card.
i'm missing my refund.
i keep checking my statements but nothing shows up.i requested a refund a long time ago but seems like it's not submitting my
3 mos ago I bought my cat fluffy a new house and unfortunately Fluffy didn't like the house and was then returned to pet smart last
How do I find the refund on my statement?
i need refund from you because the merchant is refusing,can you do that?
i got an item back, but i dont see it on my account?
as advised by you, i requested seller to refund my money. A week has passed but i haven't got any update from seller.
Why isnt my refund showing up in my statement?
i'm lookin at my statement, and my refund is not on there.
I'm due a refund and it is not on my statement.
why did i dont get my refund yet?
Why ain't my return cleared my account?
I was told I'd get a refund but I haven't seen it yet
My refund isn't showing up
Y is there a reason my refund isn't showing on my statement?
are the money i requested from a merchant a few days ago in my account I don't see them.
i'm supposed to be getting a refund but it hasn't shown up, now what?
My refund for a purchase hasn't come through yet
How long does it take for a refund to appear?
I don't see a refund in my account.
my refund isn't here yet.
i am waiting on this refund, hurry up
I returned something 2 a store but can't see my refund.
i asked for refund directly from them and i'm still waiting it's been a week now i still don't see my
Why can't I see my refund in my statement?
Where is the refund on my statement?
i should have a refund in my statement, but I can't see it.
I'm expecting a refund but it's no where to be seen
there is not a refund in my statement
i have checked my statements multiple times but my refund that I requested a while ago is not showing on my account. is there a reason for
im not sure if the seller is giving me my money back I asked them to refund my money but its been a week now and still nothing has
When will a refund post to my account?
so when can i see my refund?
i made a big purchase and cancel and the merchant said my refund was submitted can you confirm that my money was truly returned to me?
I'VE BEEN CHECKING MY STATUTE TO SEE IF I'VE GETN A REFUND I RE
Still waiting on my refund...
I can't see my refund on my account.
I don't know why my card didn't work
my card is not working at stores.
Do you know why my card payment has been declined?
why isnt my card working i was pumped to use my new card and it keeps getting declined please help.
I couldn't use my card in a store
if my card payment isn't working what do I do?
I'm not sure why the card payment didn't work.
why did my card be refused?
i was just shopping online for some tickets and you declined payment why this happened im sure i have the right amount of money in my account
i went to use my new card today and it kept getting declined why is this happening and what do I do to not have it declined?
what are the reasons why a card payment would be declined?
The card payment that I tried failed.
why has my card been declined?
I went to use my new card today and the card was refused at various times... I really want to use this card...and I need to know what
I was out today looking forward to pay w my new card, but the payment just kept getting declined, this is really sad, what is up?
What is the reason my payment was not accepted?
I am having my monthly pay declined to apple but i dont know why they are going to try it again so whats going on here plz?
your refusing my payment.
I need help here why my card keeps getting turned down everytime i try
Can you tell me why my card is not working? I keep trying to use it but it keeps rejecting my payment. I am being careful and entering the info correctly but it still happens.
I apparently went out today to use my new card and got told my payment was decline, really embarrassing what happened?
I NEED HELP WITH MY CARD... plz....it keeps getting declined when I try to use it...i have tried a few
How do I check to see why my card payment was declined?
i know it was a shop, but it was declined my card
The card payment didn't go through
my card got rejected
I use this card all the time so why did it get declined at the store today?
i couldnt pay w my card
Why are my card payments all declined?
I couldn't pay with card in a shop
Why is my payment declined?It looks like everything went fine and my account was ok.
My card payment never came together.
My payment has been declined What's up i thought it was ok and all was well?
my latest payment was declined... what happened...i was told everything was resolved and was back in working order again
my card was not working in a shop
i'm sure that i have enough money... why didn't the store accept my card?
why have i've got my payee declined, i paid it by card....
can you tell me why my card got turned down?
My card didn't go through.  It doesn't make sense.  You told me that everything was ok.
why is my payment canceled?i thought it was ok
when i use my card, it says decline?
My card payment didn't work
Im just shopping, and my pay out got declined in a store..what is going on and when does it get fixed
Why was my card declined?
tried to buy in the store but my card got declined.
I tried paying with a card but it was not accepted.
is there a reason my payment didnt go through?
My card payment didn't go through.
explain the payment that was denied
explain why my card payment wouldn't go through
Why didnt my payment work?
My card couldn't pay in a shop.
My payment card was declined - could you tell me why?
hey is everything in a good standing with my card.i am getting many "Decline" messages.
why didn't my card pay?
My card payment didn't go through.
How do I turn down a payment?
the store card reader wouldnt accept my card.
why did my payment get declined? i keep trying my card, but its not working
my card was declined.
my payment was denied
I was wondering why was my card declined
i couldnt make any payments with my new card and the cards kept gonna turn me down, so please help..
why did my card payment not work?
my card payment has been declined do you know why?
The credit card has declined.
Why did my card payment get refused?
why dont u accept my payment im trying with this card it's not workin.
i have tried to pay with my card several times and its refusing
my card payment didnt work for some reason
why is my card declined
A shop I go to didn't let me pay.
why did my payment fail?
why did my card payment not work?
My card would not work at a shop
I wasn't able to get my card to work at a shop.
My card payment has been declined
i have tried using my card multiple times and it keeps getting declined.
My card was refused.
Why is it saying my card payment is declined when I made it?
My card didn't work when I was shopping in a store
why could't i use my card at a store?
My card didn't work at the store
why does not payment go through did my account get frozen or some other issue I don't know about.what can i do to fix this problem
why did my new card get declined?
Why do you refuse to pay me i tried several times with this card and it just isn't working.
i tried with this card a bunch of times and it keeps refusing to pay.
why am i being refused?
why did my card payment don't work?
Hi, today i tried to pay with my new card but i got declined alot and am really disappointed, look into this
I don't know why my card payment didn't work
My card got refused, why?
I don't understand why my payment was declined, I thought everything was ok.
I tried to pay with my card, but it didn't work.
why continue to decline my payment?i tried several times already with this card and it is just not working.
the card payment is declined please tell me why
my card payment has been declined, why?
why would you decline my card?
i am paying for my card but it still doesn't work
why would a card payment be declined?
i was embarrassed that it never cleared my bill.
but it seems like my card payment did not work
I have tried alot to make a payment but its not working whats wrong?
why was my card declined and whats the deal?
my card payment has not worked. what should i do to check that out?
why didnt my card pay?
I paid for it and it got rejected do you know why?
my card payment doesnt work
i made a card payment and it has been declined?
Everything seems fine with my account..why did it decline my payment?
I'm not sure why I have my payment declined please tell me why...i thought it was all good.
My payment has been declined several times can you help me?
i had a decline on my card. Why?
When I tried to pay in a store, my card didn't work.
I was just needing to know why my card got declined
My payment was denied
Why did my card not let me pay?
i paid with a card but it didn't work. why not?
i was out today, waiting to pay with my brand new card and then to my surprise payment just kept getting declined... pretty sad what the hell
why did my credit card get turned down?
and its saying my card payment was declined?
i keep trying to make a payment but it doesn't work.
my card got declined so why is that?
My card didn't go through in a shop
is there an issue with my card payment as it has not gone through.
why couldn't my card be used to pay?
I keep trying to use my card to buy some things and you keep refusing it Why?I tried several times to make it go through but it won
the card payment that i made didn't work.
I got my new card and tried using it today, only to have it show declined over and over again... why is this happening?
My card payment won't work.
My card will not pay the bill.
why was my payment declined?it looked like everything went through ok and my account was good
i just got my new card and tried using it and it's declined?
I know there is money in my account, why did my account decline me?
Why can't I pay with my new card, i tried my new card several times to pay for my gas at Shell in my neighborhood and its
WHY WOULDN'T MY CARD PAYMENT WORK?
I didn't get a decline of my card
why did my card decline
Why have you refused my card payment?
but my card was not accepted in a shop
I had a card payment that got declined, why?
how come my card payment has been declined?
i've got enough cash so why is my card denied?
i dont know why but theres a problem with my card or i have had multiple rejected cards
Card payment declined, do you know why?
ive tried a lot and everytime my card is declined... could my card be locked...what do i do????
i had a problem with my card payments, can you help?
i tried using my card in a shop and i got rejected.
I was out today looking to pay with my new card and it kept getting declined...whoa
card payment didn't go through.
try to use my new card this morning at my grocery store and it was declined i try 3 times and it kept getting declined i was so emb
my card was not able to pay for it
why r u refusing my card payment????????
i put in money for vacation and its not showing i need that money today how long will it take?
i cant figure out why a transfer is still pending?
sEPA can take up to 2 working days but SWIFT can take up to 5 working days
When will my transfer finish pending?
how long do transfers take mine says pending?
how long does it take for a transfer to finish being pending
how long does it take for a money transfer to show up?
Why is the transfer i got still pending?
u need to double check that you have the correct info... we process transfers up to 1 day, then they'll leave for the beneficiary accounts.
how long do european transfers run on.i bought something a couple days ago and the seller is still not paying.
and when will it be on my account
I sent a transfer and it has been pending for a while. How long will it stay pending?
i transferred money to another country a few days ago and i haven't done it yet but i checked that all accounts r
what is the reason a transfer shows as pending?
Why is the transfer showing aspending?
hi, im trying to transfer money to another country, but it's showing pending and its been a long time I checked the numbers and they
why does my transfer say its pending?
what am i supposed to do if the funds haven't come out from this morning's transfer?
how long do i have to wait for the transfer to be finalized?
my payment shows on hold, how much more can i get now??
why is my transfer still in the works?
tell me why my transfer is pending.
how long will my transfer be pending?
I need your help on a transfer that i've had for a while now and I know all the details are in right so why is
How long is a transfer in the pending status?
why is it taking so long for my pending transaction to post as cleared?
I haven't received my transfer funds yet, where are they?
i'm confused as to why my transfer is still listed as pending on the website.
how long do EU transfers actually take?i recently bought something online a few days ago, sent the money immediately online, but the seller says it'
why is my transfer pending?
i have sent payment with EU transfer and they still haven't received it how long does it take??
i bought something on line, and the seller hasn't received the money i sent...tell me how long an EU transfer takes?
how long can i wait for a money transfer?
what is going on i checked over and over and it's the details of my account are right why is my transfer still pending its not 18
So as I double checked that I have the correct account details that I submitted, they're right for sure, transfer is still pending so far.
How long until transfers are done???
my money transfer has not happened yet
My transfer is still pending
Will my transfer be done soon?
how long do u expect me to wait for the transfer its finally worked out but its been pending for a long time and it's quite
My transfer is urgent and has worked out but I've been waiting for a long time now how long do you expect?
still saying pending for my transfer
i bought some thing online a couple of days ago, sent the money immediately online but the seller says it's still not there yet. how
the transfer was accepted but now it's stuck on pending when will it go through?
I haven't seen any changes in my account balance(s) after making a transfer.
I have an outgoing transaction
How long does a transfer to another country normally take?I check over and over again and see that my transfer is still pending it's 2018,
I have a pending transaction
How long is it wait for a money transfer to post?
my money transfer hasnt came out yet...
y does my transfer still pending after all this time?
I'm confused, why have I got a pending transfer??
it looks like a transfer is pending
what is the length of time that my transfer is pending?
and then how long will this transfer take.
how long does it take for pending to go through?
the transfer went thru but now it has been pending for quite a while i need this to go through already
I have been waiting for a transfer to get through for a while now, don't see any reason why I've been waiting this long
i am still waiting for a transfer to show up.
my transfer is still pending why?
hey i checked to make sure i had the right account i have the right account id'o, they're right for
A transfer is pending
Why isn't my transfer done?
i had a transfer on there still pending and I wanted to know how long it is suppose to take for it to clear
Is my transfer pending?
i did a transfer but its still pending
How come there are pending transfers???
i recently bought something and the seller says my money has not arrived yet it was in EU's how long does this take?
Hey, plz help me with why the seller has not received their money after I sent it.
i hav bought something online a couple days ago, sent money on line...seller still says its not there yet.
how long do eu transfers take?i bought something on line a couple of days ago i sent it immediately online but the seller says that
It's still pending for my country to country transfer and I checked it out and all seems OK so whats the deal?
My transfer hasn't appeared yet.
i transfered, yet is still pending
I have my transfer stalled, how do we go about fixing it so it goes through?
why does the transfer show as pending??
I'm still waiting for a transfer to come on
When my transfer go pending to confirmed?
how long does a transfer take?
I have a transfer that is still pending.
i've got a transfer pending
my transfer has been pending for a long time now, I already double checked my account info and it is correct. Why is it taking so long
My account says i hav a transfer pending
How long would does it take for a seller to receive an EU transfer if I bought something from them and sent them the money immediately?
I received money and don't see it.
How long does it take for pending transfer transactions to post?
i finished my transfer but it's not done yet it's been a long time and i'm growing impatient
why is there a pending time on my transfer?
Why does it show my transfer is still pending?
can u tell me when the money transfer will go through
How long will my transfer be pending?
How long will a transfer be pending for?
why is a transfer that I did recently still in process?
I have a trasnger pending and I wonder about it.
i want to know why there is a transfer of mine pending.
I'm waiting for a money transfer to show, still.
i'm still waiting for a money transfer.
but theres been a transfer pending in my account and i wanted to know how long it is going to take.
what is the average waiting time for a transaction?
Can you explain why I still have my payment on hold?
I did a transfer but its still pending
y is the transfer still pending, and can i do something?
I have to wait for my transfer to be done It seems like it is taking a long time to get over, what is the usual time to get
when will my transfer clear
the transfer finally worked, but how long does it stay pending?
how long do eu transfers take?i bought something online two days ago and sent the money immediately online but the seller says its still not there yet
why does my transfer still say it is pending?
so far my money transfer hasnt been done
I see no money transfer yet
I've got a transfer waiting
how long will it take for my transfer to stop?
I double checked I already got the right account details...for sure... Transfer is still ongoing since forever...shouldnt of
how long do i wait for a transfer to take?
hi, what does it usually take to transfer money to another country, I've made sure everything is ok but the transfer still says it's
Why is my last transfer pending?
I have an outgoing transfer
Transfers may show up as pending for up to one business day while they are processed, and then they'll depart for the beneficiary accounts. Please confirm that you have correctly entered your account details. SEPA transfers typically take up to two working days, while SWIFT transfers can take up to five working days.
How long does EU transfer take...i bought something on line a couple days ago and I sent money instantly online but the seller says its still not there
My transfer is stuck on pending
hi,i went ahead and checked my account details to make sure, and they are definitely correct...I had a transfer pending for a while
so my transfer is showing pending when will it actually go through?
Why isn't the transaction posting??
i made a transfer recently but it hasnt changed on my dashboard.
When will i get my transfer out of there stage?
Why is my transfer stuck on pending?
that transfer is pending
the wait for this transfer seems to be taking a very long time. It is very important that it goes through quickly. Can you plz tell me
how long u hav to wait for it to be done I moved money 2 another country a lot ago and it still pending
why does my transfer pending appear?
I recently bought something and still don't have money.. Do EU transfers happen so fast?
It seems like I have been waiting forever for this international transfer. Why is it taking so long? C'mon, it's 2018, things happen at a click of a button. All of the account information is correct, so how long will this take?
Hi i'm trying to transfer money from one country to another but its taking a long time so all the account info is right so why is
Why is my transfer still pending when i already made it?
I HAVE A pending MONEY TRANSFER
What does it mean when a transfer is pending?
why is my transfer pending now?
the seller of the things i bought online the other day hasn't received the EU transfer yet how long do these usually take?
my transfer is pending, why?
Why is it my transfer is still pending?
im still waiting on a money transfer.
i got my transfer approved and im urgently waiting for it.how long am i supposed to wait?
what is the time it takes for a transfer to pending?
my transfer goes through but it seems to be caught up in a pending status.... this was very important that it got done quickly...can you give
My transfer says pending, what does that mean?
Can you tell me when the transfer will be completed?
i need to know why a money transfer is available.
i'm still waiting for a money transfer to show
and pending still shows on this transfer..why?
how do i deactivate my account?
Delete my account immediately.
u u able to delete my account?
how do i get rid of my account?????
Delete your account
I need you to delete my account now.
i want to delete my account now please
i want to cancel my account and im really not happy with your service.
I need to delete my account
Can you delete the account?
For god's sakes, just delete my account, im sick of this
I need to delete my account please
unhappy with service need to delete account
this company is a shit delete my account now
How do I shut down my account and get out of this company?
How do I close my account?
I WOn want to shut my account down as soon as possible.
cancel my account
Help me close my account.
i wanna close my account cause of customer service poor
I would like to close my account. I'm not happy.
whats the process for terminating an account?
what should i do to delete my acount?
How do I delete my account now
I want to cancel my account.
i want to get rid of the account and delete personal information.
if im not using my account should i close it or just let it sit
I'm not happy with the service and don't want to be a customer anymore.
I would like to delete all accounts, but I don't like your company.
i want to delete my account
i'm not happy with your company plz delete my account ASAP
How do I close my account....i dont want it
I am upset with your service.  Please delete my account.
i want to cancel my account
i dnt like the services, please close my account
i would like to delete my account.
i want to stop my account
Dump me off my account.
How do I delete my account? I am dissatisfied with the service.
this place has been too much work I just want to close out my account and be done.
do i have to talk to someone to close an account or can i in the app
i want to close my account now.
your company is horrible i would like to delete my account please
i hate this company can you delete my account?
i am asking to end my account.
i want to delete my account.How do i do this?
I need my account deleted because I'm unhappy with the service.
I want to sever my account...
How can i delete my account?
i just want to close out my account
Delete my account now please
help me terminate and close my account.
Your company is lame, shut down all my account services now.
Im disappointed with you..close my account
how do i close my account.
How do I close my account?
I need to terminate my account.
I'm not happy with services I'm getting with this company,can you please delete my account?
i want to close my account. Your service is unsatisfactory to me.
delete all my account information and my account right now.
I want to close my account and I'll never do business with you again.
what are the steps to finish this account?
help me delete my account.i am not satisfied with the service.
Can you close my account please?
what do i do to close my account?
i need to cancel my account very soon
HOW CAN I CLOSE MY ACCOUNT?
I don't want this account anymore,how do I delete it?
Please delete this account.
I'm gonna cancel it i think.
I don't want to keep this account anymore
I am trying to delete my account.
Where do I go to terminate my account?
I'm NOT happy with service and would like to delete this account.
Please delete my account now.
i want to have my account terminated.
HOW DO I CANCEL MY ACCOUNT?
how to delete account not happy
how do I close my account, since I'm dissatisfied?
make my account go away
Help me delete this account please
i'd like to delete my account. I'm not happy with the service you're providing.
Please close my account or something.
Your service is bad.  Close my account.
i am dissatisfied with the service and would like to terminate the account.
look to delete my account i'm not happy with the service provided by you.
I wil like to take my account down...
close down my account, I don't like your service
your services were cnt good,i would like to cancel my account
i need u to delete my account right now
I want to deactivate my account.
it is so bad i want to delete my account
i wanna get my account deleted, but i am not satisfied with the service you provide
Is it possible to delete the account?
I need to close my account.Your company is terrible!
tell me how to delete my account
Please delete my account and personal information.
I want to close my account...but I am NOT happy.
delete my account please. Now
The service here is horrible, I want to delete my account.
How do I delete an account?
Can you please disable my current account?
the company is not good, pls stop messing with me
I am dissatisfied, I would like to close my account.
I hate what you're doing, so I want to quit and destroy my account.
I need to close my account as soon as possible
i don't like your service, close my account
I don't want this account anymore, what should I do?
what if atm took my card?
what do i do now my credit card has been swallowed by the ATM?
but an ATM didn't give me back my card
the card got stuck in an atm, what should i do?
What if I can't get my card out of ATM?
my card got stuck in an atm.
your machine took my card and how do i get it back?
I can't get my card out of the ATM, what should I do?
My card is stuck in an ATM?
I didn't get my card back from the ATM
the ATM at Metro bank on High St. Kensington didn't return my card and the bank is now closed..how do I get back a
I need a new card because the ATM took mine.
the ATM has robbed my card
How can I get my card out of that stupid atm that ate it?
The ATM took my card.
I need my card back but the ATM wont give it back
how do i get my card back quick from a bank machine that it?
The atm sucked my card in.
the atm didn't give me my card back?
I was getting cash and the card got stuck in it
what should i do, i have a stuck card in an atm
What should I do if the ATM kept my card?
The ATM machine wouldn't give my card back.
Can't get my card out of the atm
Why did the ATM take my card and keep it?
how can i get my atm card back?
How do i get my card out of the ATM?
Why did an ATM eat my card?
please send a new card,the amart ate mine.
The ATM didn't return my card.
I am taking a money out of my account now i have no access to my card...
a bank ATM didn't give my card back, what do I do now?
Why did the ATM swallow my card?
I lost my card in atm.
I can't get my card out the ATM
at the ATM machine it didn't return my card
My card is stuck inside the ATM
The bank machine couldn't give me a card back... how do I get a new one fast??
What do I do if the atm eats my card?
What do I do, the ATM took my card
the atm kept my card?
Who do I talk to about the ATM swallowing my card?
an ATM swallowed my credit card
What to do if the ATM swallowed my card?
Please help, the atm swallowed my card, what do I do?
I lost my credit card at the ATM
how can the money machine keep my card what do i need to do?
And your machine swallowed mine How do I get a new card?
The ATM machine ate my card.
how to get new card after atm eats it
my card got eaten by the cash machine what do i do?
what do i do after the ATM takes my card.
How can I get my card out of the ATM?
i need my card back.
the atm ate my card and how do I get a new one?
how do i get my card back after the atm swallowed it?
My card is stuck in a machine, how do i get it back quick?
Atm ate my card.
what should i do to get my card back?
My card is stuck inside the ATM, what am I supposed to do?
What should I do with my stuck ATM?
a transaction shows duplicate times.
the same thing gets remeber charged
How can I fix this...double charge on my account
my card got charged twice for the same thing
My hubby and i went out for our weekly dinner and movie, it was my turn to pick up the check. Now I see my card was
how do I query a payment on my card....looks like I've paid for the same thing twice....
I have duplicated transactions on my statement
i only made one transaction at this place, but it's appearing multiple times.
one of my charges was declined, but the second one went through....but i noticed on my app that one of them has gone through and the other
what do i do if i was charged twice for the same transaction?
I think I was charged twice please help
i think there is a mistake. I'm being charged twice.
My transactions history is looking a little off...I have been charged twice for multiple different purchases and I would like to have those duplicate charges refunded
I was charged twice for the same thing.
My account was charged twice for a single purchase.
i got charged twice for a restaurant. can you take the second charge off?
I have a transaction that shows multiple times.
What happens when I am charged twice?
I got charged twice in the same transaction
how do i get my money back for a duplicated charge?
I have a duplicate card payment on it.
several things i charged this week are appearing twice...check my statement and remove any duplicate charges.
i have a transaction showing multiple times.
Hi I just checked my card transactions and I got charged twice for a restaurant I went to this week, can you remove the double charge please?
I've been double charged
i had a double charge at a restaurant, can you take the second charge off?
i have a duplicate charge.
For a transaction I got charged twice
what happens when I have a duplication charge in my account?
Why have I been charged twice?
i have two of the same charges on my account
Why am I being charged for the same thing twice?
who do i talk to for transactions debited twice?
there is a duplicate charge on my account.
i've got 2x charged this week for a couple of things on my card, can you check this out for me and return the double
i got charged twice for the same payment.please remove the pending payment.thanks
I think I got charged twice for the same thing
Looks like I got charged twice for a single transaction
I have a duplicate card, and bought something, and it shows up twice, I cancel my card, how do I get my money back?
it's a transaction showing up a few times
A transaction showing up many times.
looks like my card payment was made twice by mistake, i went to pay at the store earlier and rejected once, second time it worked....app is
plz tell me why i am seeing the same transaction twice
I get double charges for the same thing
I got double charged.
looks like my card payment was duplicated after all. I went to pay in the store earlier, got declined once, second time it works. App still
there are two of the same charges on my account.
Hey guys i just checked my card and saw that I was charged twice for a restaurant visit earlier this week.Can you remove one of them and
I'm really worried because I only made ONE transaction, but it's appearing alot.
hey i am a college student.I just went to my high school reunion and got paid with my credit card and now i get
i was charged twice for instore shopping that i thought was declined. My app says that it's still pending for one of the payments
Good day I checked my credit card activity over the last few days I see a repeated charge for a restaurant that I went to the put through twice
why do i have duplicate purchases for one thing.
I have a payment that shows twice
I have been overcharged
I noticed some things got double charged on my account this week.Review and get the double charged items back.
Why was I double charged?
There's a duplicate charge on my account?
why does the same transaction appear multiple times?
Why did I get charged twice for the same thing.
i've been charged 2x for one transaction.
Duplicate transactions show up on my account
I paid, and it's showing up twice
I got charged several times for something
my card is showing the same transaction over and over again.
A transaction is showing more than once.
I was charged multiple times at the same spot at the same time.
hi, i checked my transactions and saw I was double charged for a restaurant visit, can I get my money back?
hi...i was there later that week at a restaurant and i went to check my account and there I got charged twice so i want to
I got charged twice.
I was charged twice on the same buy
I was charged many times for one transaction
i get charged twice with a duplicate card, how do i fix it?
I was charged more than once for a card payment.
There were two of the same charge to my account.
I got charged more than once in one transaction
You've charged me more than once for the same transaction.
why do i have a transaction showing up more than once?
Why was I charged twice for my item
My account is showing a double charge.
Why did my card get double charged?
Why am I being charged again?
i was charged twice, when I didn't purchase anything twice.
One of my payments got doubled
i think i was double charged
I should only have one charge, but it shows two.
my account says i have been charged twice for the same meal... how do i get the second payment voided and back to me...i
And what do I do if I've been charged twice?
I got charged twice for the same thing
Hi, I just was looking at my card receipts for the past week, and I realized I had a charge put through 2 times for one restaurant
Can you help me cause i have a duplicate transaction on my account and i dont understand why.
Why does a payment show up twice?
Same transaction shown more than once
Why am I getting double charged for something?
I see a duplication payment.
will they refund your duplicate payment?
i have been charged twice on my statement
i am concerned about being doubled charged for several items purchased in the past week...please review my statement and correct.
my app says i've been charged once, the second charge is still pending, can you make sure not to charge twice?
Why was I charged twice?
I was charged multiple times for a single purchase
Why have I been charged multiple times for the same transaction?
Hi I was just checking out my card and I got charged twice for a restaurant visit this week, what do you do about this?
Please delete the duplicate payment that was made to my account....one payment is still pending and I don't want to pay twice...
a payment is showing twice why is that?
Hi I was just going thru my bank and I noticed that I was charged twice at a place I ate at this past week. Can I get
i received duplicate charges.
Why am I getting double charged for multiple transactions?
i see someone charged twice for a restaurant in the early week on my cards.. please remove that one as wrong.
I paid and it looks like it shows twice.
Looks like my card payment was duplicated after all. I went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once,second time it works. App still stays pending for one of the payments. Can you remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
i noticed it was that my card was charged more than once for 1 thing
I got double charged from something, what can I do?
Hi, I checked my transactions and saw that I was charged twice during a restaurant visit. I want my money back.
why was I charged more than once?
Why do I have the transaction showing multiple times?
help i was charged twice
Hi could you help me fix a double charge on my card Im looking at my transactions and this restaurant I went to earlier in the week has charged me
There is a duplicated payment on my card.. Why?
too many charges on my card how do I fix that?
two of the same charge on my statement
so, my statement shows different transaction times
I have a transaction that shows up multiple times.
My card shows multiple charges for the same items on my recent statement...whats i supposed to do?
My card got declined but it has multiple charges?
It appears as though my card payment was duplicated. I paid at the store earlier today. The first time it was declined and the second time it worked. The app is still showing one of the payments to be pending. Please take one of these off because clearly the first was declined and is not correct.
what do i do if a transaction shows up twice?
hi, I've noticed i have a duplicate charge which i've not made twice, who should i talk to for this?
i was charged 2 times.
I got charged in double and want a refund.
I have multiples of the same transaction
I am charged for transactions and there are more than one
i need it reversed from my account
I see my card payment was completed twice.I paid at the store before and the first one didn't seem to go through. After a second
One thing i've been charged for twice
how come there is a duplicate charge on my card?
Why was I charged 2x for the same thing?
I have a duplicate payment on my account
why do i see a 'different' transaction times in my statement?
And why do you get multiple transactions for one thing?
I got doubled for a transaction
why are there two charges that should b one?
I've had my bill show that
I went to a meal in Seattle, paid, think they charge me twice, first time they swiped the card I got a notification saying the
A transaction posted twice on my account.
i noticed a duplicate charge on my statement.
Hey there, I just went through my recent credit card payments and I note that the same charge for a restaurant was processed twice, only 1 meal,
for the same thing i got charged twice.
are there any reason i was charged twice?
there are duplicate transactions on my account
My transaction is showing several times.
Looks like my card payment was made twice mistake.I went to pay at the store earlier and rejected once second time it worked. App is on
I can see in my statement I got 2 charges for the same buy at the same time, I haven't doubled. What am I doing
i was paying at the store earlier, then i rejected once and second time it worked... app keeps pending for one of the payments...can
its looks like my card payment was duplicated after all...i went to pay in the store earlier, got declined once, second time it works....app
i was charged twice for a few things this week when i only bought one..what do I do
I got double charged on a few things this week, and I would appreciate a refund on the duplicate charges
How do I reverse a duplicated charge?
The first payment I attempted for my card at the store earlier did not process so I had to make a second attempt. The second time it worked. It now appears I was charged twice. After looking at the app I see a pending charge. Please remove the pending amount because it is clearly not accurate and was declined.
i've got a repeated tranasaction on my card
I got charged twice
I've got a transaction showing up more than once.
what are the times on my statement that the transactions go on?
I got charged too many times for one transaction.
who should i go to if my statement has a duplicate charge?
why was I charged twice?
I saw on my statement, I was double charged for a payment I made...
2 times i have been charged for the same thing
i think i was charged double for something i bought... how long should i wait before reporting this?
Why is there a payment showing twice?
a duplicate payment was made for something
Why are there two of the same transaction?
My account seems a bit off and I get weird charges
I have have multiple charges for one transaction.
Hi, I just saw I was charged 2x for a restaurant I went to this week, can you reverse the extra charge?
where exactly does money come from?
Where did my money come from?
can I check to see where the money came from?
what are the sources for the funds in my account?
Need to find out where money comes from
show me how to look at the source of my current funds?
can i trace where my money came from?
i have to check my source of funds.
who can put money in my account?
Can I see where my money came from?
my source of funds needs verification.
where does my money go from?
Can you tell me where my money comes from?
I would like to know where my money came from.
whats my source of money?
where do i get my money?
I need to know this where do my money come from?
What information do I need to see my source of money?
so how will i know where my money is coming from?
How do I find out where the money came from???
Is there any way to see when my money came from or where?
can i see the source of my available money?
I need to verify my source of fund.
whats my source of money?
how can I check where my cash is coming from?
where can i find out where my money came from?
where can I see where funds came from?
who is giving me my money?
where do i go to get my money?
is there any way i can check my balance?
I need to know where do my funds come from
where do i get my funds?
what kind of security protects my money?
Can you tell me how i would learn what my funds were from?
can i track history on funds?
where can i find who sent me money
what do i need to do to verify my money?
my source of money you have to verify.
my money where is it coming from?
I need to know where I get my money from
i'd love to know where the funds are
Help me find where this money came from.
what do i need to see my source of money?
Is there a way to see where my money originally came from?
where are the transfers coming from
how do i verify my source of funds?
I want to know where my money comes from.
I need to check the fund source.
how do i verify the source of my funds?
How do i look up my money source?
i need to see where my money came from
so is there steps to check my monies out?
I'm not sure about my source of money.
How do I find out where my funds came from?
can i see where my money is being transferred from?
i would like to know where my money came from.
where can i see where my money came from?
Is there a way to tell where the money comes from?
need to check the source of funds
how do i know where my money comes from?
how do i find the source for my available money and money?
Why do I need to verify my funds?
and I need my money checked
how do i track a moeney
whats my moneys source?
How can I tell where my money comes from?
how do i know what moneys I get from?
can i see my money available?
but is there a way to see where funds come from?
is there a way to see my money's source?
Check my source of cash
i gotta check the source of my money
Where can I get the info for my money
how do i get my funds from?
Is there way to look up where funds came from?
and check on my source of funds?
How can I confirm the source of my money.
how can i know where did i get my money?
How can i get my money sources verified?
Where is this money from
how do i find the source of my money?
i need to check my money
how do i see my source of funds?
I require verification of my source of funds.
Where does my money come from?
I want to know who my money comes from.
where can i see money source?
where did my money come from?
I need to trace a deposit
How do i find out a source for my cash?
can i see the money source?
Where can I find out where my money came from?
show me where my money comes from.
where can i get my fund info?
how do i find out my source of funds?
How do i know where the funds come from?
how do i know where my money is from please
where does my top up come from?
Where did my deposit for my source of money come from?
can i see where my funds come from?
where can i check out the sources of funds in my account?
can someone please tell me where came my money from?
wanna know where the funds come from
Where can I check to see where the money in my account came from?
How to see where the funds flow?
What do I do to check my source of funding?
i'd like to know where my funds come from
how do I check to see where my money comes from
is there a way to see where money comes from??
How can I verify my source of funds?
where do my money come from?
whats the source of my money in my account?
how do i see the source of my money?
How long do I have to wait for the transfer to get to my account?
will the transfer show up in my account soon?
What time will a transfer from the US take?
when will the money reach my account?
How long does it take to get my money.
When does my US transfer get to my account?
i desperately need to transfer something from china, please give me the wait time.
I am yet to get the money in my account.....How long does it take?????
does a us transfer take long???
what's the time span for this to happen from europe?
will i see the transfer in my account within a week?
how long should i wait before seeing the transfer in my account?
when will my transfer post to my account?
How long does a europ ic transfer take?
how many days do I have to wait for the transfer to reach my account?
i'm waiting for money to flow, how long does it take?
how long will it take for a urgent transfer from china?
How long do transfers from Europe take?
i have to transfer some thing to china fast how long will it take to get there?
how long will i have to wait for my money to get in my bank account?
How long does it take them to get a transfer in the US?
Where is my money transfer?
how long does it take a transfer to get to your account
Where's my money from EU transfer?
how long can you transfer from Europe???
is there one urgent thing I need to transfer from china...how much about that??
i need to transfer funds from china and quick expedition is crucial. Approximately how long does it take for a transfer from china to go through?
how long it takes to transfer from the us??
how long do i wait for a US transfer?
whats the timeframe for the transfer in europe???
How long must I wait for a transfer from america?
i have been waiting for my transfer, shouldnt it be here already?
How fast can I transfer something from China?
My bank is in Europe how long will the transfer take?
i urgently need to transfer something from china. How long can I expect it to take?
how long does it take for a transfer to go through?
when will the money show up in my account?
What is the average wait for transfers?
how long until the transfer gets recorded in my balance?
How long do I have to wait for Europe transfers?
When can I use the money that's been sent?
how long does a US transfer take??
how long is the transfer?
I made a transfer how long till the money reaches my account?
i'm waiting for a transfer from the US, how much longer?
What is the estimated time on an urgent transfer from China?
Can you please tell me how long it takes for the transfer to be available.
can i send fast transfer from china, and how long will it take to make one?
what's the wait time till money reaches my account?
how long does it take for a transfer to show up in my account?
when my transfer be in my account?
how long does it take in Europe to do a transfer?
what is the wait time for european transfers?
i mean what is the time period for transferring money?
when can i expect money to be deposited into my account?
how long does it take to transfer from china, can i get it quick, im needing it fast?
I need to transfer something to China. It is urgent. How many days will it take to get there?
i need quick transfer something from china how long will it take to complete?
i just need a quick transfer from China, how long would that take?
how long until the transfer from Europe comes through?
I have a transfer from the us, how long is the wait?
How do I transfer something faster than normal?
i need to transfer something from china, how long will it take?
Its been a couple of days, how much longer do I have to wait for my transfer?
When can I expect the transfer to be complete?
How long do European transfers take?
why hasnt the transfer showed up on my account yet?
I want to know when the money will go into my account.
How long does it take me for a transfer to be in my account?
if i need to transfer something quickly from china how long does that take?
i just did a transfer but don't see the money in my account, what's up?
How fast can I transfer something to China?
How long will it take to get this money in my account?
How fast are transfers from Europe?
i need to make a transfer from Europe How many days does this take?
how long should a us transfer take for a US transfer to show up on my st?
I need to transfer some thing urgently from china how much time will it take?
I need to transfer something ASAP, how long will it take me to post it to my account?
how long will it take for my money to come in?
when my transfer from the US will get here?
i have transferred money from the US How long does it take?
i need some money transferred ASAP, how long does the process take?
how long will a transfer take from europe?
when can I expect my money to reach my account?
what the estimate wait time on a us transfer into my account?
How long will it take to take something to China urgently?
how long it takes for european transfers?
i have to make a transfer from china how long before the transfer is done?
when my account will receive the money?
i need to do a transfer from china how long will it take to get the transfer processed?
how long does a transfer from china take and im needing to transfer something from there
Help, I need to transfer something to China
its been 3 days how long will my transfer take to get to my wallet
how many days until my us tranfer comes?
How long will it take to transfer something from China?
I need to quickly transfer something from China, and I need to know how long it will take.
How long does a US transfer take?
how long will it take to move from europe?
how long does it take for a transfer from Europe to go through?
when can i expect it to get in my account?
when will a transfer from the us post?
Im having money transferred from Europe, how long will this take?
When my money will be in my account?
will it take me longer than 3 days to get my money?
how long does it take for a european transfer?
and when will i get a transfer from europe?
How long will it take to get something to China urgently.
can i make an urgent transfer from china, how long does it take?
how long does it take to get money from Europe?
what is the transfer time from europe?
When my transfer will come from Europe?
estimated time to arrive for transfers?
how long will it be i can get the money
How long does it take to get the money to show up in my account?
what is the transfer period
if i get a transfer from europe, how long is it till i get it in my account?
when will the money go into my account?
how long does it take for a transfer to reach my account?
what is the estimated wait time to get transfer from the us?
and how long does it take for the money to get to the account?
When can I expect a transfer from Europe to go through?
Why hasnt my transfer from Europe go thru?
transfer from the us what is the wait?
What is taking so long on my transfer from the US?
how long does transfer from the us take?
How long does a transfer take?
how long does it take to make an urgent transfer from china?
Money transfer....how long will it help?
i wanted to buy something online but the payment was returned back to me and this has been going on for a couple weeks Tell me whats up
i tried using my debit card, but the payment didn't work.
i had an issue with my card payment and it shows on my account that my payment went through.Then I got contacted from the seller saying
I think my card payment has been reverted
Tell me why my card payment would be reverted.
why is my card payment reversed?
I didn't cancel my card payment
why did the card payment come back??
How come the money from the merchant came back to my account?
My payment was terminated
I think my card payment has been refunded.
i made a pay and it was reverted and wanted to know why?
is it on purpose my payment has been returned to my account?
the app reverted the payment I made.
Why would my payment have been returned to my account?
I bought some and already paid for it but now I don't see it.
i really wanted to buy something online, but seems the card is not working as the payment suddenly came back, whats up here, I've
My payment has been cancelled
i paid and it was returned
My card payment has been cancelled.
i paid with my card and it cancelled?
hey a seller just contacted me that my money didnt come through, it was definitely deducted from my account, but now it appears it
my pay didnt work and the money is back in my account.
A payment I made with my card is not showing up
Hello, I noticed my money for an item I bought online and have already received has been returned to my checking account. Was there an issue with the merchant
My payment came back for something i'm trying to buy online? it's been doing it for two weeks.  do you know what the issue is?
it look like my card payment might've been reverted.
why is my payment reversal?
I was given a refund for something I bought already.
i already got my item but just got my money back.
I think a card payment that I made was cancelled.
Why would my card payment be cancelled?
i dont know what happened but my payment got cancelled
The card payment didn't work.
why did my payment revert back?
i wanna buy but my card has been declined...why this....for the past 2 weeks the card works great
I paid but the app cancelled it.
the app reverted my recent payment
why would my card payment get reverted?
i think my card payment was reverted.
My card has an issue, the payment has been deferred.
Under what condition will my payment revert?
My card payment has been reverted... why?
what should i do if my card payment was cancelled?
what could cause my card payment to be cancelled?
is my card payment reverted??
i got my payment reverted and want to know why
I just checked, my payment is cancelled, why?
My money is back in my account after a seller contacted me saying they never received payment. I am sure it was deducted out of my account
Help, My Account Already Deducted, and the Seller Says they Haven't Received Money Yet, WHEN CAN THEY EXP
Seems like my card payment has been cancelled
can u tell me why my card payments are not going through when i try to buy something online... when i put in my card payment it
i was checking my statement and i think one of my card payments has reverted
Why isn't my payment showing?
what happens when a payment is reverted?
i got a message from a seller saying they hadn't received my money even though it definitely came out of my account.. it'
i cancelled my card payment.
i have been trying to use my card for two weeks now to buy somethings online and nothing is going through...it keeps coming back my payment to
I was using my card to pay and wondered why it was reverted?
I got something and received it and the payment went back to my account, is the seller ok?
looks like my card payment was cancelled.
why would a merchant refuse a payment
how do i fix a payment that was reverted
I just found out that my money wasn't going through I checked my account and I got it deducted at first but it's now back in
The seller just told me he didn't get paid. After reviewing my account it did subtract the balance but now it has added it back to my account. I need you to please take care of this promptly.
my card payments have stopped.
it seems my card payment was cancelled
Why was a payment I made reverted?
i need help to resolve mix up on my card payment...my account shows the money was taken out and then put back in the account..the
Was my transaction reverted to with my card?
My payment was put back I think
i got a problem, i purchased an item maybe a week or two ago, but to the payment came back to my account,
i think my card payment was cancelled what happened?
I had a seller call me and tell me my money wasn't getting to them but I m sure they took it out of my account...
What does it mean if it says my card payment has been cancelled?
why was a payment cancelled on my account?
Card payment is declined
Why gets a payment I made back to my account?
My payment has been returned.
What does it mean if my pay was reverted?
i paid but the app refunded me the money.
I bought something like 1 or 2 weeks ago but the payment has been returned to me today even though I've already received one of them..can
i have a problem i bought something with my card one or two weeks ago, and now exact same amount of purchase is showing up in my
I think my card payment got cancelled.
i hav an issue i bought something within the past one or two weeks and have received one of the products but today the total was returned to
why did you cancel my card payment?
i paid but it was not returned by the app
My payment has not been accepted.
unknowingly the payment sent to seller has been redeposied back in my account...I do not know why it would take out the payment and then
y can u tell me why my card wont let me do online shopping 2 weeks beoove I ve been tryin.
Why didn't my payment go through and why did it cancel?
hi i am trying to buy something online, but i think theres some issue in my card, as payment is reverted, please help
why was my card payment reverted?
My card payment's cancelled
what does it mean if my payment got reverted?
my card payments keeps getting reverted on online i was having this problem for the past 2 weeks
why did i get the money back when i bought something?
why is my card payment cancelled?
hey, i got a message from a seller that let me know that my money didn't come through on their side.It
has my card payment been reverted?
I've cancelled payments to the card
problem...I bought something last week or two but today the payment somehow came back into my account...I received it already...whats up here
I see a reverted payment on my account...WHY???????
I think the payment from my card was revereted
I think my card payment got reverted
How come i cannot find my payment?
i tried to buy online but my funds were transfered back to my account so whats up?
i got back the payment that i made
Why did I get my money back?
Why would the app revert my payment?
looks like my card payment was sent back
Can you tell me why my card payment was cancelled?
i bought something and already received it, why hasn't the money taken out?
One of my card payments has reverted
i was just contacted by a seller that let me know they didn't get my money even though I'm very sure it was removed
My card payment has not been withdrawn from my account
My card payment was reverted
I just got refunded for my purchase over two weeks ago.
please tell me why the purchase I made online returned payment I really wanted this item and I've been trying for 2 weeks.
I paid 2 weeks ago and just got refunded.
my card payment was cancelled... why?
i seem to have a problem here, i bought something about 2 weeks ago and just received the payment back into my account and I've
why have my money back to my card?
Why would my credit card payment be reverted?
i've got a weird problem, i bought something a week or two ago and got the money back into my account, can you
i bought something and the seller hasn't got the money yet but it's a deducted from my account
i think a card payment that i made was cancelled.
I noticed the card payment has been cancelled.
why was my payment reverted on the app
i did a payment and the app cancelled it.
I cant buy because I have a problem with my card.
explain why a card payment would be cancelled?
what happens if my card payment is cancelled?
Why would a merchant revert my payment?
What happens if a merchant doesn't accept you payment.
My Card Payment has reverted back, I think.
i sent a payment but now it doesn't show up
How can I tell if my card payment is reverted?
im not sure whats going on here...i've received payment back into my account for an item I've already received from about 2 weeks ago
Why was my card payment reversed?
why has i got a rebate for my payment after a week?
i just got something like that and i already got one and it was put back on my bank but it seems to be an issue.
Why didn't the app accept my money?
Why would a merchant revert a card payment?
hey i am facing issue with my card payment while shopping online as payment is getting reverted. I am struggling with this issue around two weeks
i can't seem to buy something online with my card, payment comes back whats going on?
did a i made payment get cancelled?
i think my card payment was cancelled can you check?
a seller says they havent received money yet, and that has already deducted money from my account.
i dont know but it looks like my card payment was cancelled.
I did pay but the money is still in my account.....I don't know what happened....
but I know it might have been reversed with my card payment
I see my card payment is cancelled, can you explain why?
i can't buy anything online.... ive been on a bunch of websites for 2 weeks and nope
I think my card payment has returned.
What do I do if my payment is reverted?
my payment was stop
my payment was cancelled.
my payment didn't go through because the app reverted it
Was my card payment reverted?
maybe my card payment was reverted or something??
can I change my PIN???
what is the procedure to change my PIN to something else?
how do i change my pin and where should i be?
Can I change my PIN at any cash machines?
i have to make my card PIN a different number...
Can I change my PIN abroad?
Do I have to go to the bank to change my PIN?
if i want to can i set up a new PIN?
Do I have to go into the bank to change my PIN?
Can I change my PIN at my local bank?
If I wanted to change my PIN, how would I do that?
IF I WANNA SELECT A NEW PIN, WHAT DO I DO?
How do I change my PIN without going to the bank?
do i need to talk to a rep to change my pin?
can i pick a new PIN?
where can I update my pin number?
can i change my PIN remotely??
I need to change my card PIN.
IF I WANT TO CHANGE MY PIN NUMERY CAN I GET IT AT AN ATM?
are there any particular cash machines that i have to go to to change my pin?
can i change my PIN at any ATM?
Can I change my pin at an ATM?
Can I change my PIN without being around?
how to change my PIN?
i want to choose a new PIN
Is there a way I can change my PIN?
Can I change my PIN?
do i need to go to a physical bank to change my PIN?
What cash machines will let me change my PIN?
or do I have to go to an office to change my pin?
what ATM's can i change my PIN at?
Can I change my PIN without going to a bank?
can i change my pin remotely without going to a bank?
which countries can i change my PIN in?
Can I change my pin through the app?
I want a new PIN please
Can I change my PIN at a nearby ATM when in Spain...I think someone saw my PIN and I need to change it but im
Please help me set up a new PIN.
i have been travelling overseas and need to change my PIN, can you tell me how this is done?
is there a place where i can change my PIN?
I need to change my pin....I am on vacation in Spain.
How can I change my PIN if I'm out of Austria at the moment?
Can i change my PIN in Austria?
CAN I CHANGE MY IN AT ALL ATM'S?
i'm travelling abroad but i need to change my pin quick can i do this from here?
i must change my PIN as soon as possible
I think my pin is compromised...what do I do??
Where do I need to go to change my PIN?
do i have to change my PIN at a bank?
Can I change my PIN on my phone?
help me with a PIN change
I want to change my PIN, do I have to be in a bank?
How do I change the PIN?
Where can I change my PIN?
what about changing my pin?
can you tell me where can change my pin?
Can I change my pin at a cash machine?
Can I change my PIN?
I need to know how to change my pin
Is going to a bank the only way to change my PIN?
how can I reset my PIN?
Can i change my pin if i'm out of the country?
How do I set a new pin.
I think someone saw my PIN and im on vacation in Spain, can I change it at a ATM there?
are there any cash machines where I can change my pin?
I can't freeze my account I need the card and im traveling, how do I change my pin?
How do I change my card PIN?
while on vacation in spain i think someone saw my pin and i now need to change it...can i do this at an ATM in
How do I change my PIN?
Can I change my PIN at some cash machines?
your ATM pin can be changed at any VISA or MasterCard ATM with PIN services some countries don't support ATM pin changes.
I am on vacation in spanish and I think someone saw my pin when...can I change it at a local ATM?
i'm on vacation in Europe but i desperately need to change my PIN can I do this from abroad?
Can I reset my PIN?
at what cash machines can i change my pin?
I want to change my PIN
What do I have to do to change my pin?
i want to change my pin number from an atm is this possible?
I wanna change the PIN on my card.
im in austria right now... really need to change my pin right now...can i do this even though im in a foreign country...
How can I change my pin?
I would like to make a new pin
Do i need to go to a bank to change my PIN?
CAN I CHANGE MY PIN?
Please help me change my PIN
Set a new PIN please
Can I change my PIN online?
how do i change my PIN abroad?
How Can I Change My Rowlock?
how can i change my old pin to a new one?
changing my pin
Can I get a new pin number at any ATM using my card?
i just want to know how to change my pin, plz
can i change my PIN without a bank branch?
tell me how to setup a new PIN
Can I change my PIN in any cash machine?
Can you tell me what I need to do to get my pin changed?
Am I allowed to change my PIN anywhere?
I want to replace my PIN
Help me change my PIN
are there some cash machines where i change my pin?
Which cash machines can change my PIN?
i need help changing my pin..thanks.
Do you know how to change my card PIN?
WHERE DO I GO TO CHANGE MY PIN?
How do I change my pin while travelling?
Can I change my PIN if I want to?
What ATMs will let me change my PIN?
Your card pin can be changed at any Visa or MasterCard ATM with Pin services, excluding countries such as Belgium, Luxembourg, Austria, Germany, Spain, and France.
do i have to go to an actual bank to change my PIN?
can i change my pin at ATMs, if so, which ones?
Can I change my card PIN?
Which atms allow me to change my pin?
Is there a way to change my PIN without having to go to the bank?
Tell me what ATMs let me change my PIN.
Can I change my PIN on holiday?
Whats the process of changing my pin??
how do i change my pin please pls tell me
what ATM can i change my PIN at?
if im not in the country and i need to change my PIN how can i do this?
What do i have to do to change my pin?
Can i change my pin number at a cash machine?
is there something blocking me from making transfers?
What's going on with my beneficiary's being denied?
i keep trying to transfer money but i still get this error when it comes to transferring??
what are the reason why the beneficiary would not be granted?
i got my money's transfer denied
why was i not allowed to transfer to a beneficiary?
i got a message that my transfer is not possible i need this to go thru please
Why should my beneficiary be banned?
can someone explain why i'm getting a message on my screen saying my transfer isn't possible? i have done several in the
i tried to transfer to a account but it wont let me.
it's not letting me transfer money to my beneficiery.
my transfer to an account failed...
Why is my beneficiary not allowed?
i can't give a transfer to a beneficiary for some reason.
My beneficiary is not allowed?  Why?
i tried to transfer funds to a beneficiary and got denied, can you tell me why?
why i could not do a transfer to a beneficiary?
I got a message saying I can't name X as a beneficiary
why cant i add a beneficiary?
Why cant my beneficiary access my account??
i was trying to buy crypto but havent gotten it to go thru. Am i doing something wrong?
hi i am on the app trying to purchase crypto and it's not going through, what am i doing wrong?
my beneficiary didn't receive my transfer.
why didnt a 'account transfer' take place
why can't i do a transfer?
Why didn't my transfer to a beneficiary go through?
I'm not able to transfer money for some reason
Why has my beneficiary been denied?
i need to transfer to my account and can't.
Why am I not allowed to transfer money to my cryptocurrency exchange?
why would you be unable to deal with a payment
Why can't I transfer to another account?
are there restrictions for transfers to certain accounts?
Tell me why im having problems with transferring to a beneficiary.
i wanted to buy some crypto but they wont let me whats going on here.. i want to make this exchange.
i try to transfer, it keeps kickin back with an error message...help me out please?
tried doing a transfer to a account but this didn't work
i just got an error message saying my transfer is not possible? why is that?i've transferred money before and it worked without problem
Why is my beneficiary being denied?
why does my transfer keep getting an error message?
I want a reason why my beneficiary is not allowed?
hy, i am interested buying crypto currency but cant purchase it through the application. I do want to do the exchange, please let me
Why can't a beneficiary get a money transfer from me?
why won't my transfer to another account work?
My account transfer was not cleared.
I am getting an error saying my transfer is not possible while transferring money...let me know the issue...its the first time i am getting error
I couldn't transfer to an account.
why is a transfer to an account not allowed??
why is it not possible to transfer to beneficiary?
I need to ask why i failed to transfer it to my beneficiary?
why cant i transfer money to an account?
why can't my beneficiary get access?
suddenly im getting a error when trying to transfer that is not possible.why? i done it before.
I cant make a transfer to a different account
why can't I transfer money to a beneficiary?
why didn't my account allow a transfer
might be transfers to a beneficiary?
I tried a couple times already and it still keeps showing an error message y r u not accepting my transfer?
will a beneficiary not accept a transfer?
why wouldn't a transfer to a beneficiary go through?
why can't i transfer money to a beneficiary?
what if a beneficiary can't get my transfer?
I tried to transfer my cryptos but was denied.
Why wasn't my payment to beneficiary X approved?
MY transfer to a beneficiary didn't go through...why?
I was really trying to complete this exhange, I was trying to buy some crypto but the app won't let me do it can you tell
Why wouldn't you let me name X as a beneficiary?
Why couldn't I transfer funds to my beneficiary?
why can't i transfer money to a beneficiery?
Am I allowed to transfer money to a beneficiary?
Why didnt my transfer to a beneficiary happen?
A transfer was not allowed to an account.
why can't i use this beneficiary?
i want to transfer money to a beneficiary and I couldn't.
my funds are not transferring to my bank,why is this not working?
I got the message my transfer is not possible, whats btch i've done it before without any issues
im trying to transfer and its been stopped why is that?
This is frustrating.I'm at work and my transfers are not going through I keep getting an error message, I don't have time for this
i am trying to complete a transfer and i keep getting an error message.
i usually don't have a problem making transfers, why am i suddenly told it's not possible?
My account didn't allow the transfer.
i tried to transfer lots of money but nothing works...wow...my transfer is not working
Why was my transfer stopped?
Why is my beneficiary not getting allowance?
i been trying to exchange this for crypto but the app wont work please help me?
So the transfer to my account was not allowed.
My beneficiary cannot transact.
I need to move money, why is it not working?
i dont see why ur not accepting my transfer but after a couple of attempts i'm still getting an error message.
the transfer to an account wasn't allowed is there any other way for me to do it?
i couldnt transfer money to a beneficiary.
Why can't I use my beneficiary?
why is this beneficiary getting rejected?
i have to transfer money over to my mom i tried a lot of times all that keeps happening is error messages
why did my account decline a incoming transfer
Why wont my transfer go thru.... Keep getting an error message
My transfer to a beneficiary got rejected.
I still have not got the money to my beneficiary
i couldn't transfer money to my account
i tried to buy some crypto and it wont allow it and whats up with that.i really wanted to do the exchange lol
I have tried to do a transfer on several occasions and have now gotten frustrated at getting error messages and not getting through.
after i transferred, my money didn't go through.
I tried to transfer and it didn't work what ever happend
I can't transfer money into my account
why cant my beneficiary make transactions?
Why can't I add any beneficiary I choose?
why can't I transfer money when I can before?
i want to buy crypto,but i cant exchange it through app but cant do the exchange can u pls let me know what
why is a transfer to a beneficiary not possible?
why is my beneficiary not allowed?
i tried to transfer money 2 a beneficiary, but i wasn't successful.
the app won't let me transfer money to a beneficiary
why cant i do the transfer to the beneficiary?
why wasnt a transfer to account approved
I was trying to transfer and got an error message saying it wasn't possible... never happened before what?
Why is my beneficiary not allowed to get payment services?
I have tried submitting a transfer a couple times now, and for some reason, it continues to be unsuccessful... Do you know why this may
Why can't I transfer to an account?
I couldn't transfer money to a beneficiary, is there a problem with ur software?
Why is my beneficiary not working?
Why can't you allow my beneficiary?
my transfer to another account was not allowed. Why is that?
why couldn't i transfer to a beneficiairy?
i couldn't transfer to an account.
But my transfer failed to a beneficiary
I can't transfer to another account
Why was I denied the opportunity to transfer money to some beneficiary?
i keep getin an error message when trying to transfer funds, why arent you accepting that?
why isn't this letting me exchange crypto and i need help making this transaction go through?
I cannot transfer to a beneficiary
Why can't I transfer to my account?
but why am i being told this transfer won't go thru?
I could not transfer money to a beneficiery
I'm transferring money, but i'm getting error out my transfer is not possible plz help me...i did it earlier
Hi,  Is there any problem with app? As i am facing some issues with the exchange of crypto currency. I am extremely interested in buying.
Hi I'm trying to trade some crypto, the app isnt allowing it, I really want to exchange this, what am I doing wrong
my account transfer was blocked
Why can't I have a beneficiary?
i couldnt transfer money to my bank why not?
Why can't I send money to a beneficiary?
how do i get money to a beneficiary?
it shows that the transfer on my account wasnt allowed.
why do i get a message saying that i can't do it? im never had a problem with a transfer before.
hey, i got an error message about the transaction failure, ive done the money transfer before and it never failed let me know whats wrong
why would i get an error saying my transfer is not possible when i did it before?
my card isn't letting me purchase something so i wanted to know why.
Why is my beneficiary not allowed?
is a transfer to a beneficiary allowed?
then what are the rules on beneficiaries?
Why can't I buy cryptocurrency on the app?
Payment did not process
I ve been trying to make a transfer but it hasn't gone through.Now I am getting an error message...what's the
I am having trouble transferring money to a beneficiery.
Won't you take my transfer i keep getting an error message
beneficiary transfer problems?
Why wouldn't my beneficiary be allowed?
I was transferring some money to a friend and thought it was free, but I see there is a charge. What's up with that
for a transfer, thats fee apls explain to me.
i didnt know it was a cost for tranferring what is the cost
I transferred money, why was it an extra fee?
when i made a transfer i got charged extra
Is there a fee that comes with transfers?
i should not be charged any fee for transferring.
i have been using my account while abroad for a while but only recently I've been charged a fee why am I only being charged now
Why am I charged a fee to transfer money?
I transferred money from one to the other, and I charged a fee, why that?
Why was I charged extra for transferring?
I used this account last month to pay for my place abroad, notice the fees have risen and I wonder why, shouldn't frequent users have less
why did it cost money to transfer funds?
what kind of fees will i pay when i transfer?
My transaction went through but I was charged a fee Why?
a transfer i sent was received in less than the full amount I originally sent, and now I have to send additional funds to cover the full amount
Should i see a fee applied to my money transfer?
why was I charged an extra fee on my transfer?
make a transfer and the receiver said an amount was received, but not exactly the right amount. I now have to transfer more to get the rest to
i made the transfer and the receiver says an amount has been received but less than the right amount.I now have to transfer more to get the rest
why is my transfer more expensive than i thought?
why am i being charged to transfer funds?
I spotted extra charges while transferring?
why does my transfer charge?
I got charged a fee for transferring money.
I see a transfer fee, but to me that should have been free, What happened?
why was i charged for transferring money?
i found a transfer fee is that true
I did a transfer, what is the extra fee?
i got some unexpected charge on my transfers, can i fix this?
Why am I seeing a transfer fee on my bank statement?
i transfer money, but i think i've been charged a fee?
Tell me what the fee for a transfer i made.
why was i charged extra for a transfer??
I was charged a fee for the transfer, but can you tell me why?
i've been using my account a lot to pay for my vacation house in a different country and now I'm getting hit with ridiculous
I bought something online and it says there was a fee to transfer money. Isnt that free???
there is something wrong on my bill and a transfer fee should never have been added.
i did and was charged that fee i shouldn't have been
Why are you charging me a transfer fee?
why was there a change fee for my transfer?
i made a transfer and the receiver did not get the right amount its less than what it should be,now i have to transfer more money
Does transferring money have a fee??
i transferred money and he did not get the proper amount.. What should i do to get the right amount...and do i have
Why is there a fee for my transfer?
i made the transfer, why is there a fee for it?
Why is it that a transfer of money is charged?
where did the extra fee come from?
How much do i have to pay if i want to transfer money?
I thought transfers were free, why did I pay?
I made a transfer and was charged extra why?
i thought I could get free transfers.. this is not fair.. i buy something online from abroad and there was some weird extra fee that
I just transferred some money and noticed a fee on my account, what's that for?
is it normal to see fee for transferring money?
i got a fee on something i bought in abroad and it was a fee but what do i do with it?
why am I charged for transfers?are they not free?
Why was i charged this extra fee while doing a transfer?
why was i charggged.
is there a money transfer fee?
i thought they were free and i bought what i had overseas and i don't think it was right.
i thought a transfer was free, why pay for it?
Why did I have to pay extra money?
Are money transfers free?
i feel that transfer is to expensive.
who charges my card
a receiver told me that they didn't get the full transfer that I sent and that it actually was a bit less than what i sent
Why have I had to pay a lot more for banking abroad?
Someone I had to send money to told me they didn't get the full amount I sent them...can you look into this?
i sent 7,000 to receiver outside the EU and they got less then what i sent. I cant figure out why they got less then
extra charge during transfer
I use my card internationally and I just noticed the extra fees...i'm a good customer...and I am thinking about leaving...
i made a transfer and the receiver said they haven't actually received the right amount, but it's a bit less, now
but i was told transfers were free and i noticed i have a fee but why?
Will i get charged for transfers?
How much is this for transfering
this isn't fair...i thought transfers could be made for free...i just made a purchase online from abroad and now see some weird fee
I racked up a surprise fee
i got charged for a transfer.
I thought you guys offered free transfers... but i was charged
Why would i have to pay extra money to do a transfer?
I do not like this, I made a simple transfer but I have an additional charge for doing so.
why does my transfer have fee?
I tried to send money and they didn't get the right amount.... wats up and who should I call?
from a transfer that isn't supposed to be here, there is a fee.
I thought I could transfer for free but i bought online some foreign stuff, then there is some ridiculous extra fee... never seen this before and this is
why was there a transfer fee added to my account?
y did you charge a fee when i made a transfer?
why have i been charged for transferring money?
Aren't transfers not free?I didn't know i would be charged for transfers.
why was there a fee for transferring money?
Am I charged to transfer funds?
why was there an extra fee for my transfer??
Someone made a mistake on my money transfer, because I was charged extra fees.
im a regular customer so why r yo charging me new fees?
I did a transfer and i got charged a fee that shouldn't be there
well then why were i charged a random fee for a transfer
Why am I seeing a fee for transferring money?
ive been using my account frequently over the last month to manage my payments from abroad for my new place, I noticed my fees suddenly increased, as
i use this account alot during the last month to manage my payments for my new place abroad. seems like suddenly fees have increased...shouldn
I thought it was free wut's an extra cost
Im confused about ur fee structure...I was so disappointed to see a fee for my transfer.
i thought transfers were free of charge. I bought something abroad and got charged a ridiculous fee. how do i get this problem fixed.
Why did I pay that for transferring money?
why do i pay money transfer fee?
I have made a transfer and according to the receiver they haven't received the right amount.it's lesser than it should be.now
what is this fee for transferring money?
I've been using this account over the overseas lately...havent seen any increase in fees??
Why did i have to pay to transfer?
i need to know how much it cost to transfer funds.
i made a transfer and the person i transferred the money to didnt get the right amount why did this happen, and how do i
why did i get charged a fee for transferring money?
Why did I get charged for a transfer?
I have used my account abroad for a while, why do I have to pay something extra?
can you elaborate on why i have an extra charge just for transferring?
Why was I charged to transfer money?
Is it free to transfer money or is there a fee for it?
I got charged a fee when i transferred money, why?
I use this account all the time, even this past month, to pay for things from my new place abroad.... I'm a real good customer
SO, i see a strange fee that I've never seen before after making an online purchase from abroad. I was under the impression transfers could
is there any fee for transferring money?
Why was there money taken for a transfer?
the receiver says they don't have the right amount and its way down from what should be.i need to transfer more money.what should i
I don't appreciate the extra fees being siphoned from my account...I was helping some friends move to Japan and we were buying home decorations at
Why is the extra fee for the transfer?
Hi, I have transferred money but beneficiary account was credited with less...now i have transferred the difference i think there is some issue..
a receiver told me i did not get the full transfer so it was showing like a bit less.. now i gotta make
Can you explain the transfer fee that I was charged?
why am I being charged for transferring money?
i checked my charges and it says i got a fee for a transfer why?
Why do I see a fee when I do a transfer?
how can I see an extra charge for my transfer?
i don't think i was supposed to be charged so much.
i have a service fee that i havent seen before and it showed up after i bought something from an international seller online
i was transferring money, and was charged extra Why?
I got charged a transfer fee...why is that?
i have a fee listed for a transfer
i noticed it was an extra charge fee...can you explain me why?
hey i have a fee for a transfer on my account why?
do you cost anything to buy something from other country, like is there going to be hidden transfer fees or currency conversion fees?
why do i have an unexpected fee on my bill?
i just moved some money, why did i pay?
why is there a fee to do a transfer?
why are there extra fees for transfers?
After a transfer i see an extra fee why?
hey i thought transfers were free why are you charging me?
I moved money to a receiver in the EU and they got less than expected... Now I've got to send additional money to the receiver to make
I made a move and was charged a fee...
What is this extra fee while i was doing a transfer?
Next time maybe just let people know that buying from another country costs extra....I used my card to buy something from another country and I got charged for the
Hi! I'm a university student studying abroad and I noticed that when I was trying to cross-reference my budget for this month that there were extra fees I was not expecting. Why is that? I've had this account for years and I haven't had any trouble so far, it might not even be on your all's end since I'm still new to international travel and finance, but I wanted to double check in case a mistake was made!
will i get extra charges?
I noticed a fee while banking abroad and it seems different than any I've been charged before.Which does this fee mean?
I think I have an extra transfer charge.
I normally dont get charged for transfers, why was I this month?
why was my transfer chargeed?
i shouldnt have been charged a fee for my transfer.
I did a transfer and got charged a fee that should not have been charged.
i got charged a fee for a transfer, where did it come from?
why did I get charged a fee for my transfer?
How come i got charged a fee for this tranfer???
Why was there a fee for transferring money?
Why do I get a fee everytime I transfer??
i was charged a fee i wasnt told about.
i noticed a charge for a transfer why is this??is it because I did an international transfer?
and is it right that i've been charged for transferring money?
I don't think it is right...it was a transfer fee...
I just recently got a new beach condo in Bora Bora, and to furnish it I used this account a lot from overseas. It's upsetting, being a long-time customer of yours, that I saw extra fees on my account from my currency transfer. Is this what I should expect from you in the future?
Why was I charged a fee when making this transfer when I shouldn't have been?
I just moved overseas, notice your charging me more fees, i am a loyal customer, is that how you expect to keep customers?
why am i being charged an extra fee just for purchasing an item from another country i paid for the item and the shipping why am i getting
i pay for my place abroad on that account and i use it so often and i was wondering why did the fees suddenly increase rather than decrease
Why did I have a transfer fee?
can my salary be received here?
How can my boss pay me directly to the card?
salary in GBP recieved...does it need to go in another place?
i pay my employer in GBP, do i need to do anything in the app to indicate that?
How can my friend give me money?
but i would like to know how my friend can send me money
HOW CAN I GET MONEY?
I got a transfer in GBP, so how do I change it?
how can my friend send money to me?
Can I get my salary on this...in another currency???
Can i get money from my employer to this account?
Will my GPB update my salary
How do I transfer funds if I am paid in GBP?
am i able to get my salary this way?
what are the steps for getting money from a friend?
can i direct deposit my salary to this account?
how can i get my pay in another currency?
My salary is in GBP WHAT SHOULD I DO?
i want to get my salary in a different currency.... how does that work?
How can people transfer money to me?
wanna get my salary deposited as pesos?
my salary is deposited in GBP, do i have to choose the currency?
what i need 2 do to get a salary on this?
How to get my salary in my right currency??
i need my payment in another currency
and how do i find out about transfers
I got my salary in the wrong currency How do I change this?
Can I transfer my payroll to the Bank?
can i get transfers from my employer this way?
can my friend send me money if it is not in US dollars?
Do I have to select a preference to receive my salary payments in GBP and if so, where?
how do i get money from friends?
Is it possible for a friend to personally send me a payment?
what is the steps my friend should take to send me money?
can i receive payments in other currency?
What do i need to do to get my payroll in the account?
i need some help on how my friend can send me money
i pay in gpc and how do i know what my account is set to
but can i get money in different countries money?
can i transfer my salary if it is in GBP?
Can my friend send me money?
my salary is in GBP do i have to exchange it before putting it in my account?
do i need to convert my currency from GBP before transferring?
Is it ok for a friend to send me money?
can my husband open an account and transfer money
How do I get money from someone?
what can i use to get my salary?
but my friend wants to send me money, can she?
How can I get money from my friend?
Can I get paid for this in another currency?
Can I use my salary for this?
can i transfer money with a different currency?
Can I have a friend send money straight to me?
Can I transfer my salary onto here?
Can this app take my salary?
My salary is GBP, is it necessary to configure this if so where is this done?
or can i get my salary paid out in a diff currency?
I use GBP for salary deposits...must I set this up somewhere?
I was wondering, can I get my pay in another currency?
What do I need to do if my salary is in GBP?
what currencies can i get my salary in with this?
who can send me money?
hey my salary is in gb does that mean I need to configure it?
Can I have my salary transferred to my currency in my country?
can i transfer my paycheck to the account?
how does one send me money?
so my salary is in GBP can i change somewhere?
How do i get money from someone?
how do i get my salary in a different currency
Are there ways other people can send me money?
what if I need my salary in another currency?
how would my friend send me money?
Will my employer be able to pay me with this service
what foreign currencies can i get it to my account?
can i get my salary in a different currency?
So, how can my friend send me money?
How to get transfer from my employer when i get paid in GBP?
am i allowed to use different currencies?
Can I receive payment in other currencies?
Can friends send me money?
how can my friend pay me?
I got the salary in GBP....will it need to be configured...
Can I get my transfer through a transfer?
Can friends transfer money to each other?
can my job deposit my wages straight into that account?
do i need to do anything special to get my friend to send money to my account?
My friend wants to send me money, what are the possible options?
do i have to add my salary?
If it's in another currency, will u accept my salary?
If my salary is in GBP, do I need to do something?
Can I use a different currency with my salary?
But my salary is in GBP.Do I need to configure this somewhere?
how do i configure my salary if it's in GBp?
Do you support direct deposits from my employer?
can i get paid through this system?
i have tried to mova money 5x already but yup... ok.. it's a basic transfer right now so
Is there a reason why my transfer failed?
why did my transfer not finish?
Why couldnt I finish the transfer?
I have made 5 attempts to make a very standard survey, but I can't get it to work what is the problem?or is there something
your system is broken my transfers keep failing 5 times now.
i tried to make a transfer like 5 times why wont your system let me...is it broke?
Can you tell me why i couldnt do my transfer?
why wont the other bank take my money, is it not good enough??...there's enough money, but I keep getting denied a standard
i've tried 5 times to do a standard transfer but i'm not getting anywhere...is there a problem with ur system
the transfer couldn't be completed
what would cause it to fail?
I think my transfer hasn't gone through yet.
And transfer's not working?
i'm still not able to transfer.. can you help me?
that transfers didnt work.
did my transfer fail?
I tried to make a transfer and it didn't work.... will you tell me why?
i couldnt transfer money from my account
Why hasn't my transfer been passed thru?
i need some help explaining why my transfer keeps failing im trying to send money to a friend Help
i have tried 5 times now to do a transfer that's just standard.what appears to be the problem.is your system messed
Hi, I'm buying a flat and im waiting for the mortgage to go through...it keeps showing up as an error....do you know
hi,i am in the process of purchasing a flat and am trying to make to make a payment, an error is appearing, and I need
Why didn't my transfer work?
the transfer keeps failin i tried to transfer some money to friends this morning but it keeps getting rejected for some reason I have no idea why
ive tried to do a transfer but have failed Is the system down?
i've tried sending a standard transfer five times and it hasnt gone through whats the problem?
I tried and the transfer did not work.
Can you explain why my transfer didn't work out?
why did my transfer fail, and what can i do?
my transfer failed...help!
My transfer did not run right...why would this happen?
i tried to do it but kept rejecting me i need to get money in there ASAP i have enough and all info is correct.
I tried to make a transfer and it did not work.
Please help my transfer go through
my transfer did not work Help
what could be the reason why my transfer was rejected?
r there a reason why my transfer didnt work?
Why won't my transfer go through?
why cant i make a transfer?
I got a transfer fail but no answer on why,what happened?
but why did the transfer fail when i tried to do it earlier?
hello i ran into a problem with a transfer this morning, i was trying to send money to some friends and when i tried to
so i am in the middle of buying a flat and i need the money for the first mortgage payment and it is not going through,
Can you tell me why my money transfer didn't work right?
why didn't my transfer work?
hi there, ive tried make a transfer 5 different times and its not working is your system down or something?
why can't i make a transfer?
my transfer failed.. why did that happen?
the app says my transfer failed
Is there a reason my transfer failed?
Why was my transaction not approved?
I tried to transfer it though and it didn't work.
is the a reason why my transfer has failed?
The transfer I tried to make failed.
ok, i'm trying, and i keep getting an error, i'm trying to purchase a flat and pay the initial
Why can't i transfer my money in someone else's account??? i should be able to right?why does it keep rejecting
hey i am buying a flat and need the money to get it thru the mortgage and it keeps showin up error.what's up
why can't i complete my transfer?
my card couldn't tay a transfer, why?
hey i am buying a flat and i need my mortgage to go though but everytime i check i get an error message.
Im on a time crunch, sometimes errors crop up every time I make this... help me out.
Why do my transfers keep failing?
Why didn't this transfer work?
i have been transferring money to my friends since morning but all my transactions were getting failed.can you plz look into this issue
y i did not get my transfer worked,what was the reason?
, what do i need to do to fix this failed transfer?
I tried to do a transfer but it hasn't worked.
when I tried to do my transfer what went wrong?
why does it say my transfer failed?
i don't think my transfer through...why?
how can i tell why my transfer did not go through?
i needed to send my friends some money urgently. I tried multiple times to transfer the money this morning, but the transfer keeps failing. Can you
i tried to make a transfer and it failed
i tried it but it failed
I couldn't transfer money from my account.
What stopped my transfer from getting accepted?
im already trying 5 times to make the transfer and this is just standard. whats up?........is your system down right now?
What caused my transfer to fail?
My transfer went wrong.
i tried to make a transfer but it didn't work.
how is this supposed to work, not working for me.
this morning, i tried to send money to my friends several times but each time the transfer fails... why does it keep failing... the transfer gets rejected
i am trying to buy a flat but i need my first payment for my mortgage to go through first. I keep getting an error..
But my transfer didn't work... Why?
my transfer was failing when I tried to do it.
I can't make a standard bank transfer. I have tried at least 5 times already and none of them are going through.. plz tell
why couldnt my transfer go through?
I tried to transfer money but it didn't go through.
My transfer didn't run so why can't I have money?
been trying to transfer money this morning but keep getting rejected.I dont know why it's happening.
i'm trying to buy a flat and i'm needing the first payment for the mortgage on the flat i'm trying
my transfer didn't work,how come?
hi..i'm sending some money over to an investment bank I do business and the transaction is being rejected..i'm not sure why
i think my transfer went wrong... what do i do now?
I tried a transfer, but it didn't work
I couldn't make a transfer
Hello.. I'm trying to transfer some money to a friend but its keeps getting rejected.. Can you help me?
it keeps getting rejected, I tried to get some money to friends but it keeps getting rejected, please check?
I've been trying to make a transfer and it doesnt seem to be working (5 times) what is wrong with your system?
Why arent the transfers going through i have tried 4 times to get it to work this is just a simple transfer isnt it other
Why couldn't I do my transfer?
the transfer keeps failing i tried to transfer some money to friends this morning and it keeps getting rejected for some reason, Can u check the issue?
Why was my transaction declined?
Why wouldn't a transfer go through?
Could you tell me why my transfer broke?
I did a transfer earlier but I see it didn't go through.
Why has my payment not been transferred?
i tried to do a transfer but it didn't work.
The attempted transfer went awry.
I need help making this transfer and I keep getting errors...i'm trying to buy a flat, but I need my mortgage payment to go through
Why does my transfer keep failing, ive tried 5 times and they all failed.
a mortgage payment I'm making is giving me an error message...this is the first time I'm making this payment and want to know what
hi i have been trying to send money to my friends this morning but fail every time and i dont know why
i m e attempting to buy a flat and want the money for the 1st mortgage payment but i keep getting an error
why won't my mortgage payment go through....i'm getting an error and i don't know how to get this transfer to go through
why couldn't i do my transfer?
i'm buying my son bertie a starter home in London...I'm just trying to send the 5% deposit over to the agent
tried making a bank transfer but its not goin through could there not be enough money to transfer or something have i done it too many times?
i need to know whats going on i am trying to get a flat and need the money to pay on my first mortgage and im getting
please explain why my transfer fell thru?
i think youre system is broken, have tried transfer money 5x and it isnt working, im not doing anything complicated, its what
Im trying to transfer money and something is going wrong
im not able to make a transfer, can u help?
i cant transfer any money from my account to my friend's account, keep rejecting it can you tell me why, I have enough money
Why did the bank reject my transfer?
I tried and tried but i couldn't complete my transfer please tell me whats wrong.
i am getting an error when trying to make a payment I want to purchase a flat but my mortgage payment needs to go through.Can you
The transger i tried to make failed.
when i tried to send money to my friend today i couldn't..what the hell?
I have tried to send money to my friends, and i keep getting rejected. can you please tell me why.
why do i have a failed transfer
i tried a very standard transfer, and have already tried it 5 times, what is up, or is your system down?
I tried making a transfer but it didnt work
Why can't my transfer be complete?
And i can't do it?
I want to transfer money how do I do that for my account?
how do i transfer money into my account?
how do i hook my bank up with my top up?
i have an account empty of funds can i transfer some from another bank?
HOW DO I TRANSFER MONEY FROM MY BANK ACCOUNT?
whats the transfer process
What do I do when I need to top up my bank transfers?
Can I add money to my account via bank transfer?
i want to open up my account by bank transfer....what should i do?
I've got questions about how to transfer money to my account.
i need to add money to my account can i do so via bank transfer
can i use my bank account to send me more money?
i can't find how to transfer money to my account...
how do you transfer money with a bank transfer?
How simple is it to transfer money into my account?
how do i have money transferred to my account?
I'm desperate how do i transfer the money from another account to this one?
How do I top up my account with bank transfer?
How do I top up?
Why can't I transfer money into my account?
how do i get money from another bank to this one?
What do I do to get my money to my account?
i want to transfer money into my account, what do I do?
I need to deposit money to my account.
and can you transfer money to your card by bank transfer?
How do you transfer money to my account?
how can i move money from my account at a different bank to the account i have at this bank.
pls explain how i can top up my account thru the transfer
where can i get money to go into my account?
how does i do it if i transfer money to my account?
I need help transfering money to another account.
how can i add money from another account that i have?
I have money in a foreign account that I want to send to this account.
How can i transfer money into my account?
i need to move money from another bank to this account...
I need to transfer money into this account from my other bank account.
How do I go with bank transfers for top up accounts?
i have an account at another bank but i want to transfer some of the money to my account here..
I want to do a bank transfer to this bank from an account at another bank.
what is my bank dc so i can do a transfer?
How would I use a bank transfer for topping my account?
i want to know how to transfer money to my account.
i have nothing on my account mnc can i put any extra money on there?
how does a bank transfer for topping my account work?
I'd like to know how to transfer money to my account
how do i transfer my money to this account
How do i top up my account with a bank transfer?
I need to transfer money to my account from another bank
i want to nab money to my account
i'd like to transfer money from my checking account to my savings account
i want to transfer money to my account
what transfer methods do you accept?
I need to transfer money into my account and I don't know how to do that.
I need to transfer money to my account, how?
Can I transfer money to my card through bank transfer?
How do I move money to a foreign account?
i want to know how i transfer money into my account
Can I add money to top up my account via bank transfer?
What currencies can I use to top up my account?
how do i top up my account with transfer?
account topping up bank transfers to my account help please?
I want to take some money from my other bank account and add it to this.
I need more money in my account can i add more by transferring?
How do i transfer money into my bank account?
How do I go about transferring money?
how do i initiate a bank transfer to top up?
How do I transfer money between accounts?
what does it take to turn cash into an account?
i wanna top my account with a bank transfer...is that allowed??
How do i deposit money to my account?
I have zero dollars in my account can i send another money over bank?
what are the steps in making a transfer for topping up?
how do I transfer money into my account?
How do I transfer money between two of my accounts?
How do I transfer money to my account?
is a bank transfer ok to top up my account?
I hav no more money in my account, can i do a bank transfer to put money in my account?
i need to transfer funds from my other bank account into this bank account.
I want to transfer money from another bank account into this one.
can i transfer money to my account with the app?
How can I move money into my account?
Help my account doesn't show any money...can I transfer funds?
How do I transfer cash into my account?
How can i top up my account by bank transfer?
i was wondering about transferring money into my account and how it works, can you tell me about that?
My money is all gone...what s ok ways can I add money to my account?
i need to move money from one of my other accounts to this one.
whats the process to transfer money into my account?
tell me how to top up my account with a bank transfer
Can I top up my card with a bank transfer?
Can i put money in my account with a bank transfer?
i want to top up by transfering accounts what do i do??
show me how to transfer to my account
how does your app tranfer the money?
how do i deposit through bank transfer?
i have a problem, can i transfer money from another bank?
What is the top-up transfer procedure please?
If I use bank transfer to top up my account, what can i expect?
i want to transfer some money from my other bank account into this one.
i want to transfer money from another account into this one.
i want to top off my account i want to move money from one account to another...?how do you do that?
can i withdraw money from another bank and transfer it into my empty account?
how do I transfer money to my account?
How can i transfer money from another bank to this account?
Can I Transfer Money I the App
how do I transfer money from one bank account to the next?
ok so how do i transfer money to my account?
i'm out of money in my account and i was wondering if i could do a bank transfer and put more in it?
can you explain how bank transfers work?
could you help me transfer funds to this account from other bank?
i'm looking to transfer some money from my other bank account to this one.
where do i go to transfer money from one account to this one?
I need money put in from another one
Do u know how i can check that i did a top up to my card??
where is the code for verifying the top up card?
The top up card is verified how?
Tell me about checking top ups
What is the verification code for my top up card?
Explain to me how to verify the top-up card.
How can I check my top up card?
can you show me how to verify the top up card?
wow soooo............how do i know if the top up goes through?
i havent found the top up card verification code
i would like to get instructions on verifying the top up cards
Where is the top up verification code?
why do I need to authenticate the top up?
what's my top up verification code?
why do the top ups need to be verified?
Does the top up need to be verified?
but having problems finding the top up card verification code
Why do you ask for top up verification?
where can i find the top up verification code?
how is top up checked?
Do i need to verify my top up card?
How do i check my card?
Who needs to check if there's a top up?
how do i verify my top up?
How do i find the top up verification code?
why do top ups need to be verified?
WHY DO I HAVE TO VERIFY TOP UP?
I'm trying to verify my top-up card, but I can't find the code...?
How do I check the top up card?
how do i find the code to verify the top up card?
I need to find the top up verification code
please help me find my top up verification code
Where can I find the verification code for the card topup?
do i need to verify my top up?
why do we need to verify a top up card?
i have a top up card. Where's the verification code?
How do I find the code to check if I got a top up card?
how do i find my top up card's verification code?
how do i check the top up ya?
How many digits identify the top-up verification code?
Whats the point of checking for top ups?
Why do we have to verify top up?
Check my 'top up' card
why does a top up have to be inspected?
i dunno where the topup verification code is.
it seems like some hassle to check the top up.
I can't see a verification code anywhere
Check if a top up card helps?
what do i do to check for a top up?
Is there a way to verify a card top up?
how to verify top up card?
Why are top ups being verified?
why verify the top up, it doesn't make sense.
The top-up verification code is not visible.
I just tried to top up and now I'm getting an additional verification message, why?
Where do I find my codes to verify my top up card?
why check top-ups??
can you tell me where to find top up verification code?
How do i verify the top up card?
Help me verify the card used on a top up.
on a card top up, where can i verify?
i'm trying to verify my top up card how do i?
what is the verification process for?
Where is my top up verification code?
where can i find my top-up verification code?
Where is the top up verification code?
i don't see the code anywhere on my top-up card, where can i find it, need to check...
Why do i have to verify my top up card?
and do i have to check the top up?
Why do I need to check the top up?
where can i find the code for the verification of the top up card?
I can't see a top-up topup verification code.
I don't see a verification code for my card transfer.
Why does top up require verification?
is there a reason i need to check top up?
Is the verification number on the top up card
what is the verification process for a top up card?
Where is the top up card verification code?
How do I check the top up?
i am looking for my topup verification code but i cant find it
how do i authenticate a top up card?
Do I need to verify the top up?
what is the deal with seeing if they've top up?
can u tell me where i can find my top up verification code?
Where does the top up verification code come from?
tell me how i can check my top up card lol
how do i get a top up card?
Whats up with verifying top-ups?
why do I need to verify a top up?
Can I check my top up card?
Why is it so important to check the top up?
why should I check the top up?
ok, this checkin the top up is annoying
why do we have to check top ups?
how are top ups verified?
HOW I KNOW MIGHT I VERIFY A CARD TOPUP.
do i need to verify my top up?
my top up card needs verification, I dont know how to do it
where's my top up code?
where do i find the verification code for the card im topping up?
where do i get the verification code for a top up?
Where can I check a top up card?
what is the top up code for?
why do you check the top up
tell me why i need top up to be verified?
i just want to top up, why do i have to verify anything?
Do you need to check up on the top up cards?
where is the top up verification code sent?
What is a verification code?
how do i make sure i got a top up?
where does the verification code show?
what can I do to check my card?
why is topup checked?
why do i need top up to be verified?
how do i authenticate my top up?
What is the verification process for my card?
i dont see the top up verification code anywhere
i'm being asked for a verification code. where do I find it?
Why does a top up need to be verified?
help me find the verification code on a top up.
How do I check my top up?
i need help finding the verification code on the top up card
What does top up verification do?
i cant find a TOP UP VERIFICATION CODE
how do i check the top up card?
Why do I need to check the top up?
is there an extra charge to send extra cards??
I would like to order another card
i want extra physical cards.
I like to open a second card for my daughter how can u help me?
Am i gonna be charged for sending out more cards?
would i have to pay anything if i need an extra card?
can i get my daughter a second card?
can i get a few more physical cards?
what is the limit on how many cards i can have?
is there a charge for sending out more cards?
How much does it cost to get more cards?
How do I create another card linked to this account?
Can I order another card or something?
can i order another card?
Can I order a second card?
can i have more physical cards?
How many physical cards am I allowed to have?
i want to get few more physical cards
tell me if i'm gonna get charged for sending out more cards
Can I get more cards just incase?
would i get a second card?
Do you charge for sending out more cards?
I need another card for my daughter.
How can I get another card?
can i have a third card?
i have left my card on my parents house, can u send me a spare one?
I'd like to give my daughter a card...can I get her another card?
what is the price for a additional card?
Can i get a 2nd card for free?
Will I be charged if I add more cards to my account?
How many cards am I allowed?
Can my daughter also have a card issued in her name but linked to my account?
I'd like to order another card
can i have a extra card?
lost my card and need a new one will it cost me
my daughter needs a card from this account is that possible?
my daughter wants a card from my account, Can i do this?
do u pay to get more cards?
can you send me more cards for my account?
i want to have more cards...whats my limit??
Can I have a duplicate second card?
i want to give my daughter a second card for this account would this be possible?
what do i do to get more cards on my account?
Can i have a spare card?
i was wondering if i could get a second card on this account...i want my daughter to have one
Do I have to pay a second card?
i'd like to buy another card
can I order another card?
I wanna get extra cards but what do i pay for that?
how do i get a spare card?
How do I request more physical cards?
What steps do i need to take to get another card?
I do, but i would like more physical cards
Is there a charge for getting more cards?
could I have another family member get a second card?
how do i get a second card?
How much does it cost to buy another card, i was uhwing to get another one.
where do I order additional cards?
how much would an extra card cost?
I want an extra card
Do you send duplicate cards?
i wanna use one of my cards for a family member is that allowed?
Can some one else hold a card for this account to go along with my?
i need another card
if I need an extra card is there a fee for that?
i want a new card
will i get charged for sending out more cards?
How many different cards can I have for my account?
i need more physical cards
can i carry another card?
plus does sending out more than one card cost extra?
how do I get extra physical cards?
can i get spare cards?
Can I get a different card??
I need more physical cards then I HAVE right now.
y is a new debit card free?
How many cards can I have?
if i want to send more cards do you charge extra?
Do you charge extra for duplication cards?
I want some more card stuff
how do i get more physical cards?
If I want to give my daughter a card for my account, will I be able to get one for her?
Would I be able to get a second card?
i'm wantin to give my daughter a second card...how do i make this happen??
can i give my daughter a second card for this?
daughter needs a card, how do i add her
Is there any way to get another card on the same account?
If I need more than cards will I have to pay a fee to receive them?
i need a new card
i want a new card
What kind of fees am I looking at if I get another card?
will there be a cost for sending out more cards?
i would like to get a few more physical cards.
how many active cards can i have?
How much does it cost to get more cards?
What should I do if I want to get another card for someone in my family?
how do i order another card?
i am looking to get an additional card.
Can I get another card?
I would like to get some extra cards?
is it free to send out more cards?
can i buy more card with my account?
is there a fee for sending out more cards?
how much is it to send out additional cards?
Will it cost me to get a second card?
how do i get another card
is there a fee for sending additional cards?
is it possible to have a second card?
I'd like a second card.
what is the charge for sending out more cards?
I want to give another card to my daughter...how do I do this?
what do you do to get a second card?
how can i add another card to my account?
how do I order another card?
How do I get extra cards?
Do you send more than 1 card?
are extra cards free?
Do you charge for sending more cards?
can i have another card then the first one?
I need a second card, can i have more then one?
i want a backup 2nd card is this possible???
physical cards are what I need more of
Can i have a spare card for this account please?
I need 2 cards is this possible
Can I have more than one card?
I need another card for someone in my family, is this possible? How soon can I get one?
Is there any way i can get more physical cards to use with my account?
Can I give my daughter a second card for this account?
is it possible to give my daughter a 2nd card from my account?
help me please, I need to top up cash
do you have any options to top up with a cheque on my account?
can i send a check to add to my account somewhere?
would a cheque be enough?
i can't find any option to top up with a cheque?
How do I top up with a cheque?
Can I use a check to get gas?
Can I deposited check?
where can i deposit a check?
How do I put more money into my account?
is there anyway to top up with a cheque?
HOW DO I UP UP WITH CASH?
Can I add money to my account with cash?
i want to top up by cheque
Can I top up with cash?
Can i mail in a check to top up?
How can I use a cheque to top up?
but where is the button to top up with a cheque?
I can't find any way to top up my account with a check wheres that?
Do you take checks?
is there a top up by cheque?
I got a cheque that I want to top up with?
what is not accepted in order to top up my account?
can i just top up digitally or can i use cash?
i want to top my account with a cheque
How to add physical money to a card?
i need to top up with a cheque
Can I top up with cash?
How do I top up by cheque?
I want to deposit cash for a top up. how do i do this?
who do I make a check out to if I want to top off my account?
What types of top-up do you accept?
How do I top up with a cheque?
can i top up with check or something?
Can I cash deposit to top up my account
what apps can I use to top up my account?
how do i top up with a cheque?
i want to top up my cheque...can you please tell me that?
How do I deposit cash into my account?
Can I top up by cheque?
Can i use cheque to top up my account
I'm trying to use a cheque to top up
How do you top up with a cheque?
i need a hand here i need to top up cash
where do i go to top up with cash?
will i be able to top up by cheque?
Can I top up with my cheque?
Why can't I top up by cheque?
Where do I get to top off with a check?
can i write a cheque to top up?
can i use cash in a physical place to top up?
is the cash topping allowed?
What are my payment options to top off my account?
i want to top up with a cheque
Where do I look for cash top up?
Where can i top up by cash deposit?
how do i get cash deposit top up
how do i deposit cash?
i want to top it off with check
can i deposit a check here?
can i top it up with cash?
i want to top up with cash?
i want to top it up with cash.
Where do I top up?
Do you accept cheques for top up?
how do i use a check to top up?
can u top up with a cheque?
where can i top up with a cheque?
what is the procedure for topping up with a cheque?
can I deposit with checks?
Where can I deposit cash to top up?
is there a way to top up with a cheque?
I need to top my account up, and where can I send a check?
i'll send a check to top up my account
can i top up with a cheque?
If I need to top up with money, where should I look?
I want to deposit a check to top up my account.
what places can I use cash to top up?
where can i get top up by cash deposit?
how do I top my account up with cash?
How do I top my card with a cheque?
Can i top up with this cheque i got?
I would like to pay by cheque
i want to pay with cheque
can i buy with cash or cheque?
where would I find top up by cash deposit?
can i add to my account with a cheque?
CAN I USE CHECK TO BACK UP MY ACOUNT?
how do i get the top up with cash deposit?
Do you accept cash?
could i put a cheque in my account?
Can I use a check to top up?
no option to top up with a cheque?
How can I fill my gas tank with a check?
how can i add money to my account if you dont accept cash
i want to top up with cash lol
What kind of payments can I use for topping up?
i have been trying to top up my account with a check but it won't work.
How do i add cash to my account?
if you want a top up with a cheque, is that possible?
can I use check to top up
How do you top up with cash?
Can I top up my balance with a cheque?
I tried to deposit a cheque but it didn't let me.
Can I top up on line?
what is the best way to use a cheque to top up?
how would I top up with a cheque?
what is your check cashing policy?
Can I use cash to top up something?
i can't find out how to top up my account with cash.
how long before a check i send clears?
how do i top up my account with a cheque?
Can I top up my account with a check?
Do you accept cheques for top ups?
how much do physical cards cost?
where can i get the cards delivered?
what do i do to get a physical card?
Can I request a card?
do i have to pay for a physical card?
I need a real card to hold in my hand, how do i do that?
What do I do to get a real card
Can you tell me what fees i'm gonna see for your cards?
What do i do to get my own card?
are cards delivered to my location?
Is it possible to get a physical card?
and i want a card, please
I need to order a new card.
Can u send me the actual card?
i wanna get a physical card but i don't know how, can you help me?
how do i get a new card
where do you need to live to receive card
How do i get a real card?
So how do I get an actual card?
y can i get a physical card or something?
i would like a physical card
where are your cards delivered?
Can I order a card please?
tell me how i can order my card
Does it cost anything to get my own card??
is there a physical card as well?
do physical cards cost money?
have you got physical cards o?o?
i wanna ask for a physical card
does a physical card cost anything??
do you ship your cards anywhere?
I want a real card
where do you deliver cards to?
where are the cards delivered to?
What am I owed for a new card?
...is it possible to order a card?
what areas are cards delivered to?
where can i order a card?
how to get an actual card do I have to pay?
do i need to add money before order a card
How much does the bank charge for lost or stolen card replacements?
Is there a fee for physical cards?
How do you get a physical card.
can i get a physical form of my virtual card.
where can i get my card?
Help me order a card.
where do I go order my card?
can i get a physical card for free or is there a charge?
how do i get my card?
Is a physical charge extra
where do ur cards get delivered to??
do i get the physical card for free
i really want a physical card how do i get one?
can i get a physical card online
what do i need to do to get a card?
I would like a card
I need to get hold of a physical card?
Can I get a new card?
Can I get a card in person?
How can I order a card?
can i order a card?
where do you export the cards to?
Is there a place that I can get my card?
how do I ask for a physical card?
How do I order my card?
Where can I get a physical card?
How much for an actual card?
Can you tell me how to get a card?
how do i actually get a card myself?
card delivery services where?
Can I get a real card?
I want a physical card
How do I order my card?
Do I get a card to keep in my wallet?
how do i order a card?
whats the process to get a real physical card?
whats the cost of a physical card?
Which spots can i order a card at?
is there a way to get a real card?
i would really like a physical card.
can I get a physical card?
Where do we mail the card?
HOW TO GET THE ACTUAL CARD
what is the cost for physical cards?
Do I get a real card?
how much does a card cost and why do you charge me
How do I order my card?
how do i receive a card?
can cards be delivered or where?
does it cost money to order a physical card?
How do I go about ordering a card?
I need to get a card, how do I do that?
what do i need to do to get a new card?
show me where to order my card.
Is there anywhere where there is no delivery of a card?
how do i get a physical card??
i need a physical card, and what are the fees?
How much for a physical card?
where do i order a card?
where do you mail cards physical?
Is payment required to get a card of my own?
i still don't have a card how do i get one?
Where do I find out how to get a physical card?
what places do you deliver cards at?
Where do you get a card?
what are the locations cards get delivered to?
How much is a physical card?
do i get a real card?
what do you charge for a standard card?
i want a physical card
will you charge for a physical card???
i want to get a card how do u go about that?
how do i get a physical card to use in store?
will u pay to get a card?
I wanna have a physical card and carry around...how do i get one?
what is the procedure to get a card?
where are the cards taken to?
whats the fee for a physcial card?
the app,can I order cards?
or can i revive a physical card?
Why doesn't my disposable virtual card work?
can i use my virtual card for membership transactions?
Why won't my virtual card work?
My virtual card is just not going through.
My virtual card is not working
My disposable virtual card was rejected.
My disposable virtual card got rejected
why was my virtual card rejected?
My throwaway card won't work
my disposable virtual card wouldn't process my payment?
virtual card isnt going to work.
Is there a reason my vCirc won't work?
help me get the virtual card working
I can't seem to get my virtual card to work
but my disposable virtual card isn't working.
i tried paying with my disposable virtual card earlier but it was rejected....what can I do to fix this?
I can't use my virtual disposable card
How do i get this damned virtual card to work?
But I can't get the virtual card to work.
This disposable virtual card isn't working.
I cant get virtual card to work.
my virtual car is not working.
I can't get my disposable virtual card to work
i cant get my virtual card to function
why did i get rejected for using a disposable virtual card to pay for a gym subscription?
I can't get my virtual card to work at all
I can't get my virtual card to work.
i can't do any business with this virtual card.
i got my Virtual Card info and couldn't use it to buy why did this happen and what i can do?
Why can't I make multiple payments with my virtual card?
Help me, my disposable vCard just won't work
Can I use my virtual card for recurring monthly payments?
virtual card won't work for me
My disposable virtual card won't work.
I tried to use my disposable virtual card to pay subscription to the gym but got rejected Any ideas why?
Why is my disposable card not working??
what do i have to do to get the virtual card to work?
What do I do if my disposable virtual card doesnt work?
i cant make purchases with my virtual card
I have a disposable card and it doesnt work??
My virtual card got turned down for a car rental, why?
I got the wrong exchange rate while pulling out cash.
I got less cash because of the exchange rate.
i wonder what's up with that big withdrawal fee.. i didnt know i should have use this mtg,.
i think i got a wrong exchange rate for my cash from abroad.
I got my cash and it wasnt what it should have been due to the exchange rate.
I tried to use a foreign currency at a ATM but the ATM gave me an incorrect rate.. why????
I took my cash out of the ATM over the holidays and it looks like I was so over charged.If I knew that, I wouldn't have
I think when I withdrew money when out of country the exchange rate was wrong.
Why did my exchange rate change?
hi...in these holidays i have been overcharged on the amount i have withdrawn on one of your ATMs......i had no clue
Can I withdraw cash at an am?I'm on vacation and don't have cash w me...this is cause for concern...
i made a withdrawal from an am last holiday so why is such a high charge on this?
I have the wrong exchange rate for my cash withdrawal transaction
i think the exchange rate for my cash withdrawal is wrong
The exchange rate used when i got cash was wrong
i was abroad i got cash and the exchange rate was wrong.
i think i got charged a different rate then what the people posted
foreign currency rates were put in wrong at an ATM i used.
I was overcharged at an amt while on vacation, needed cash so had to use it but your charges are outrageous and I wish I
the exchange rate for my withdrawal was wrong.
Hey I've gone to the ATM on holiday and I guess withdrawal amount is too high so I did it as I didn't know these charges...
I withdrew  money from the ATM and was overcharged.  It said nothing about an extra fee.
i think that was an incorrect exchange rate.
this is the wrong exchange rate for money i took out
I made a cash transfer abroad where i got the wrong exchange rate
what's the weekend rate to get cash?
i think i got a wrong exchange rate when i got cash
The rate was messed up on the ATM
Do any of your machines provide cash from my home country? I don't have any money on me and I'm on holiday so I'm concerned. Also, will I be charged anything to do this?
I got my cash and the exchange rate was wrong.
can you check the exchange rate on a cash transaction that i did overseas?
i was abroad and needed some cash, but i think the wrong exchange rate was applied to the transaction.
why did you give me so little money?
I traded some of my money from the country to an ATM for foreign currency and it was a different amount...
what are the exchange rates for getting cash
Someone may have made an error in figuring out the rate of exchange.  I should have received more cash than I did on my most recent withdrawal.
and if you withdraw money in a different country in a cash machine is there extra charge.
i had trouble on the ATM with foreign currencies with an incorrect rate.
I didn't get the right rate for getting cash
do you provide free ATM withdrawals of ones hometown currency while on holiday?
can i get money in my home currency at some ATM i am on holiday and bit worried because i do not have any cash with me,
I used the ATM to get some money out...I didn't realize I would be charged as much...or I would have done that
I didn't get the right amount of cash because of the exchange rate.
Hello,  In my most recent ATM transaction, I didn't receive nearly as much cash as I thought I would - what is your exchange rate policy?
not use international ATM's it messes up the exchange rate.
You've messed up my cash withdrawal rate
I just wanted you to check the exchange rate, when I got cash.
yup, i didn't get the right exchange rate while getting my cash out.
why is the exchange rate different then expected on my transaction?
i think the bank made a mistake on the exchange rates
Is there a fee associated with using foreign exchange ATMs?
when i exchanged currencies the value of my money changed.
Can i get cash back in my home currency at a ATM i am on holiday and i don't have cash with me i
wrong exchange rate for my cash withdrawal
i don't think the exchange rate was right.
I was travelling on an exchange and I got the wrong rate
what is the exchange rate when i get cash
When I got cash, I noticed my exchange rate was wrong.
why the rate so high, because this shoulda been a lot more cash to get that to work.
can i use an atm when im not in the country and make a withdrawal with out extra fees?
this past holiday i made a withdraw at the ATM machine and it seems I've been charged too much.
when getting cash my exchange rate is not right.
hey, why did i only get this much.
when i got cash the exchange rate was wrong
An overseas cash transfer did not work correctly
I didn't get the right amount of cash when I exchanged it overseas.
i needed some cash while out of the country and i'm pretty sure the exchange rate was not the right.
I think that the rate of exchange for my cash withdrawal is incorrect.
what is the good rate for getting cash
i dont like the exchange rate your trading.
I don't think the exchange rate for withdrawals is right.
the cash withdrawal I took seems to be off...the exchange rate is wrong
i got cash abroad.. and the exchange rate applied is wrong.
I got cash but I didn't get a correct exchange rate
I need an exchange rate when I withdrawal.
Can I withdraw money in my hometown currency while on holiday without any additional fees?
y is the exchange rate wrong for my cash withdrawal?
I noticed the exchange rate for cash withdrawal isn't right.
what's up with my cash withdrawal...the exchange rate is WRONG
I got wrong exchange when I was overseas.
what the hell is up with the exchange rate, it should have been a lot more cash
can the exchange rate change while i am making a withdrawal?
the exchange rate was wrong?
How come when i got cash, the exchange rate was different than it should be
my rate was not right when i used my card in a different country's money.
How do i get money in my home currency while travelling internationally?I wanted to take it out of a local ATM but am worried that I will
I need to check the exchange rate as i got cash abroad.
can i get cash in my home currency at an aa?i'm on vacation and don't have cash with me so this is
Can I withdraw money in my home currency at an atm....I'm on vacation and am a little worried because I don't
The money i asked to cash out didn't match what I got when I exchanged it.
I didn't have the right exchange rate in my situation and I had to pull out cash.
The exchange rate was different when i got cash.
how come my withdrawal rate is wrong for my cash withdrawal?
I got some cash abroad and there was the wrong rate
i think my exchange rate is wrong
i found out that the exchange rate for my cash withdrawal is wrong.
the cash abroad exchange rate is applied wrong.
i was getting the wrong exchange rate at the ATM.
what is the exchange rate for foreign ATMs
the exchange rate for me was wrong when i was abroad.
Help me when I was abroad and the exchange rate was wrong.
My cash withdrawal has the wrong rate of exchange
while abroad i got cash and the exchange rate was wrong.
i got money abroad and the exchange rate was wrong
The exchange rate I got for cash was wrong
the exchange rate is applied wrong for case abroad
when i got my money was in a wrong amount and exchange rate wasnt that good
i tried withdrawing money in another country and the exchange rate was wrong.
I withdrew some cash and the exchange rate seems to be wrong.
I do withdraw money abroad, but I didn't get the right amount.
I got cash abroad that has a rate that's wrong.
I don't want to use ATMs international because I don't get an accurate exchange rate
I didn't get a correct exchange rate when I got cash
How did you get the rate of exchange i thought i'd get more money
I think the exchange rate for the cash I withdrew was wrong.
Can I get money in my home currency at my ATM?I'm on holiday and i'm bit concerned because i'm not have
When i got my cash they had my exchange rate wrong
I got the wrong rate when getting cash.
I thought I was going to receive more currency?
i used an aa tr and got charged.... ridiculous, i would have never used it if i'd known.
whats wrong with the exchange rate, this should have been a lot more cash for that to apply.
when i got cash my exchange rate was off
tell me how the exchange rate is determined. I was expecting more money for the transaction.
the exchange rate was different than expected
i think that was a typo in the exchange rate..i recently took out cash and got less than I expected
whats the exchange rates for foreign currency ATMs
I got charged a silly fee when making an ATM withdrawal over a holiday weekend and it didn't tell me beforehand.
when i got my cash, the exchange rate was wrong.
i used foreign currency at an ATM but the rate was typed wrong
I got the wrong exchange rate on the last trip.
the exchange rate for my withdrawal is wrong
the exchange rate applied was wrong when I was traveling outside the country...
whats wrong with my currency exchange?
Can you please check the exchange rate when i was getting cash?
the exchange rate on my cash withdrawal was wrong
The wrong exchange rate was used for my cash withdrawal.
i'm looking for a machine of yours that will provide me cash from my home country. I went on holiday and don't have
I withdraw money and think its wrong in exchange rate
How do you figure out the exchange rate? Can you explain why I got less money than expected?
i got cash...the exchange rate shoulda been different than it ended up being.
at ATM there was a wrong rate application
i had a withdrawal and I got charged an incorrect rate
I got shorted on cash at an ATM.., thought the exchange rate was wrong...did I get the right rate?
i draw money from your amm during holidays and was charged insanely i wouldnt have done it, if i had a
In a withdrawal I got less cash than I expected. Did someone get a wrong exchange rate?
When I got cash I think the exchange rate was wrong.
the rate on my foreign currency at an adm was wrong
I tried to use ATM with foreign currency and the conversion rate was wrong
How come I got a terribly wrong rate when I tried using the ATM using a foreign currency
I made an ATM withdrawal over the holiday and later realized I was charged an exorbitant fee. I never would've made this withdrawal if
i am travelin..i tried withdrawing cash but didnt get what i was suppose to get.
I've gotten some cash out of the a ATM during the holiday and it seems i've been grossly overcharged.I
I got cash in foreign country the exchange rate was wrong
The exchange rate for foreign ATM currency is wrong.
Can I get money in my home currency at some ATM, and on holiday and a little worried cause I don't have any cash with me,
i think the exchange rate for the cash I pulled was not right.
the rate of exchange for my cash withdrawal is wrong.
i have a question about ATM transactions, ie, can I take money out of an ATM when im traveling abroad, and can I get
u got the exchange rate wrong for my cash withdrawal
i got my money in other countries and the exchange rate is wrong
You use the wrong exchange rate when I'm out of the country
Why was my cash withdrawal given the wrong exchange rate?
I think the exchange rate is wrong for my ATM withdrawal
what do you use disposable cards on?
how do i get a disposable virtual card also?
i want a disposable virtual card, how do i do that?
what are the disposable cards for?
i need a disposable virtual card please tell me how to order one
what security system do you have with my card?
Why use a disposable card?
How do I get disposable virtual cards?
can u tell me about these disposable virtual cards?
Do you offer disposable virtual cards too?
can i get a virtual card online
How do I request a disposable virtual card?
How do I build a disposable virtual card?
When will you be taking orders for disposable virtual cards?
Who can buy a disposable virtual card?
How does a disposable virtual card work?
what is the purpose of disposable cards?
Do I need a disposable card?
Is there a disposable virtual card?????
Tell me how disposable virtual cards work?
how do i get a disposable virtual card?
Can you please explain disposable virtual cards for me?
How do I create a disposable virtual card?
Why would i need a disposable card?
what do disposable cards be used for?
What are these disposable virtual cards all about?
what is the process of creating a disposable virtual card?
How am I supposed to use these disposable cards?
how about disposable virtual cards?
Please send me a disposable virtual card.
i want to get some things online but i dont want to use my credit card....... can you tell me what a virtual card is
What can i do with a disposable virtual card?
do u have the option for a disposable virtual card??
What are disposable virtual cards?
i want a virtual card that's disposable
I'd like a disposable virtual card if I could get one.
can i get a disposable virtual card too?
disposable virtual card can be ordered where?
where do i get a disposable card?
I have a question...How can i use disposable cards?
How do i get a disposable virtual card?
how do the cards work?
I need to get a disposable virtual card?
how can i get a disposable virtual card?
Can I get a disposable virtual card?
how can disposable cards be used?
How do I use disposable cards??
i need more info u have about virtual disposable cards?
I need a disposable virtual card
eww i can't find my disposable virtual card can u plz point me in yo right direction?
what is the process to deposit a virtual card?
can i get a virtual card
i would like to know more about what a disposable virtual card is?
are there any disposable virtual cards?
I want to know about disposable cards
how to use a disposable card?
How do i order a disposable virtual card?
how do i get a disposable virtual card?
And can you give me a disposable virtual card?
The disposable cards...wot are they for?
Can u help me get a disposable virtual card?
Can i order a disposable virtual card?
Are there virtual disposable cards?
is it possible to get a disposable virtual card as well?
What's a dispensable card?
and can i use a disposable virtual card to buy anything?
What can you use the disposable cards for?
Where can I get a disposable virtual card?
How do I use disposable cards?
what is the use of disposable cards???
can i use the app with a disposable virtual card?
What are uses for disposable cards.
tell me more about getting a virtual disposable card.
how can i get a virtual card for a one time transaction?
Can you tell me where I can order a disposable virtual card?
i do not understand what a disposable virtual card is, can you help?
but what are these disposable cards for?
What do disposable cards do?
how do I receive a disposable virtual card?
is there a disposable virtual card option?
but how does disposable virtual card work
i'm not sure how disposable virtual cards work. PLEASE help.
how do I use the disposable cards?
how do i know if i need a disposable card?
can i order a disposable virtual card?
can you tell me how to get a disposable virtual card
How do I get a disposable virtual card?
can you tell me where to go to get a disposable virtual card?
is there any way i get a disposable virtual card also?
I'm interested in learn more about disposable virtual cards
How to order a disposable virtual card?
I need a one use card to shop online
i need to deposit my virtual card.how do i do that
What is the benefit of having disposable cards?
what is a disposable card for?
i heard about these disposable virtual cards but dont know how they work
they're disposable cards, what are they for??
I think my top up has failed.
So, Top up is not working.
My top up isn't working
I still haven't got my top up, what happened?
I got rejected for my top-up by a app.
For what reason did my top up fail?
I can't add any more money.
why won't my top up work
i topped up but the app denied it
My money I added isn't on my card
Hi, my card is getting declined constantly when i am trying to top up.. ask you to look into this issue or tell me any other alternatives
my credit card was denied top up...can you see if there are enough funds in my account??
Why was my credit card declined for top up?
hey there is an error when trying to top up wit my card this morning.i able to use the card two days ago without any issue
i've been trying to transfer funds to top up my card, but the transaction is not going through, is there something I'm doing wrong
Seems like my top-up has failed.
I really need to top up my card today but my card keeps getting declined, can you please solve this problem or try an alternative.
Hey I tried top up my card today and for some reason it did not work, when I did it the other way it worked just fine....help me
i think my top up has failed
I tried using my credit card with top up but it didn't work.I thought it was supposed to?
My credit card was refused a top up, so what was wrong?
Why doesn't my top up work?
I have a credit card that didn't go through can you see if its out of cash?
Can I tell if my top off didn't work? It doesn't seem to have.
hey my card is getting declined during top up, as it urgent, could you please resolve this issue, or guide me with other alternatives if any
my top up is giving me problems... whats wrong with it?
I got my card a few days ago and couldnt top up..m thinking about closing my account...whats up???
looks like my top up failed
i need to top up my card urgently but its getting declined please help me in this or advise with other options if any
The top up that I ordered didnt work out.
I don't think my top up worked.
Tell me why my top up wouldn't go through?
i did a bank transfer to top up but the money is not available.
what reason would a top up fail?
i tried topping up my account but it failed can you help me
Why has my top up failed?
So my top up failed can you tell me why?
Why has my top up failed?
i need to top up my card today, but my card keeps getting declined...what do you do? or what else?
I tried to top it up with my card but it declined...I was able to a couple days ago and it worked...Is something wrong
Can you find out why my credit card didn't accept payment as it was declined for top up. Whats the deal?
How to get top up with app to work?
is there any reason why my card didn't work when I tried to top up?
the app rejected my top up.
my top up didn't go thru.
Can you tell me why my top up failed?
My credit card appears to be declined for top up, why is it not going through, can you tell me what's going on?
my top up didnt work.
My top up never worked out
but it looks like my top up didn't work why?
I topped up my card but it was rejected by the app.
i tried to top up my card this morning, but the transaction was unsuccessful.I received the card 2 days ago and was successful using it previously,
i tried to top up but got denied.
I got my top up denied.
I think the top up failed.
my credit card just got denied for top up, can u tell me why this happened and whats going on?
My top up didn't go through
My top up has failed
why is it fail to top up?
i can't get the top up to workwhats going on here?
how do i know if my top up worked?
Why can't I top up my account?
I got the top up turned down
why is my card declined when i try to top up... how can I remedy this?
the app has rejected my top up.
i tried to top up my car today and it failed.. i just got it a couple of days before and it worked then..
Why was my topup rejected?
my credit card got declined for top up, what is up, can you check why it didn't get through?
My top up isn't working.
Trouble with my top up
i'm confused as to why my top up didn't go through.
i added money but my topup wasn't processed by the app.
I need to top up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined hey please fix this or tell me if u know what to
I've got money, why can't I use my top up.
Hey, I tried to top up my card today but it didn't work...last time it worked, but now it's not... can you
y are u keeping my money from me by refusing my card tho whats up?
i really want to top up my card, why is it being declined, can you solve this for me, i need to get my card up
Why didn't the app let me top up?
My topup got rejected.
fix my top up
my top up doesn't work
I'm having problems with a top up.
I need to know what's up with my card tho it's refusing for top up.
i was trying to top up my account but it isn't working.
i think my top up didnt work.
I need help reapplying my top up... it seems it isn't working
what should i do if my card keeps getting declined, I've been planning to top up but i'm not getting it to work
my credit card was turned down for a loan payment and i cant see why.
how come the top up failed?
i was asked for one and i have not got one yet
i tried to top up, why didn't it work?
I tried to top up my card and it's not working....I just did this a couple days ago and it worked.....CAN YOU TELL
i wanted to top up my account but it doesnt look like it worked.
my top up doesnt seem to work, what goes wrong?
I don't know if my popup got through
Top up didn't work on the app
i tried to top up but the app rejected it.
It looks like my message didn't go through.
What if my top up didnt work?
I did not see the money i added to my card
the top up failed.
i have been trying to top up my card but have never topped it up is it down or not working.
I have a big problem with my card being declined and I really need to top up today, what can I do to fix it?
My card keeps getting declined when I try to use it. I would like to top up, but it is not going though.
I just topped up and the app denied it.
Why did my top up not work?
Hi I've been trying to top up my card for the past day and it gets declined, I need it topped up urgently, can somebody
explain why my topup didnt go thru
Can you explain why i tried to top up a credit card and got declined?
and why did my top up never go through?
Hey, i'm having problems with top uping my card, never had a problem with this before, please help.
the topup didn't go through
Why couldn't I get a top up to work?
I don't know why my credit card was declined while trying to top up was it something on my end or was there something wrong with the top up
troubles with my top up
why does my top up fail.
tried again and top up my card a couple days ago when it worked and it doesnt seem to be working now can u tell me what the
Top up keeps failing
Hey I tried to top up with my card, but that did not work...I just got it a couple days before and it works fine..
what was wrong with my topping up?
my topping up didnt go through
why would the app refuse my top up?
need to add more funds 2 my card today it keeps being declined and need to use it immediately can u fix this or what??????
Why is my top up denied?
i try to charge my card but it declined. a couple days ago i charge it and it accepted.is something wrong, will you double
I couldnt get the top up to go through.
i can't access my money, is it because something's wrong with the topup?i set it up correctly.
i was trying to top up my card i got declined, can u tell me why?
i topped up my account but the app didn't process it.
Looks like my top up has been cancelled
My top up isn't working Why is that?
Uh my top up didn't work
why can't i top up my card it keeps getting refused, so need to get this straight out ASAP
i dont think my top up worked
i added money to my account, but the app did't process it.
why hasn't my top up worked?
Why did my top-up fail?
is there a way to fix my top up?
I tried to top up my account but it didn't work.
won't let me top my card up...who can get it sorted out for me...it's urgent....how do I find out what
there has been a red flag on my top up.
was there a problem with topping up?
hey i tried to top up my card today but it didnt work i tried in the past but it still wont work anymore....help
my top-up didn't go through.
i really need to top up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined....can you please help me with this problem or let me know
Help my money isn't showing up
how do i see what i transferred.
hey, can you help me figure out why the recent transfer from my UK bank account isn't showing up?
i made a transfer from france 2 days ago but i was wondering if international transfers take longer to arrive cuz it hasn'
i transfert money, the balance stays the same
and the money i transferred, where's it?
About 2 days ago I made a transfer from France and it has not arrived yet, is it possible that the international transfer just takes longer?
why is my balance the same after a transfer?
its been a couple of hours and i havnt seen anything but it's from a uk if that's any
I don't see it in my balance
Can you please check my UK Account to make sure everything went alright?  I made the transfer a couple of hours ago.
Hi I can't see transactions I made couple of hours ago from my UK account.Please help.
hey i made a bank account transfer from uk. The transfer was a couple hours ago, nothing has showed up yet.can you
my balance didn't change after I transferred some money.
I've transferred money into my account but the balance is the same
money i have transferred hasn't arrived yet.
i made a transfer from France 2 days ago now but there hasnt made it there yet. do international transfers take longer?
I transferred money but the balance didn't update.
i am wondering about a transfer from a different country that doesnt show up yet?
i just made a transfer from a UK account, how long does that typically take to show up, i just want to make sure it
Just made a france transfer 2 days ago it has not yet reached my bank?Is it possible it takes longer because it was an international transfer
i'm going to have to make a transfer from a uk account but i need it to go through ASAP is that gonna
How long before a bank transfer shows up in the account?
how soon will my balance update to reflect my transfer?
my transfer into my account isn't showing up
how can i get my bank transfer to show up on my bank account?
when does my balance update for a transfer
there is a transfer not showing on my account.
i made a transfer from france 2 days ago and ive not seen it yet..
i did a money transfer to my account and it not showing there.
i did a transfer from france a couple of days ago and nothing happened yet, do international transfers take longer than normal?????
whats the normal time for a UK account tachment?i just made one and it isn't showing up anywhere...i want
My latest transfer seems to be missing.
Is there a longer processing time for international bank transfers?
after a bank transfer balance hasn't been updated yet.
why is my transfer to my account not showing up?
where is my money that i transferred???
the other bank confirmed a transfer I made but this account isn't reflecting it yet
Why can't I see a transfer to my account?
Hi, I made a transfer from France 2 days ago, but I thought it would be here by now, so can you give me a update
My balance doesn't include my recent transfer
How long does it take for bank transfers to clear
how long does it usually take for uk transfers I just made one but didn't pop up in my history yet,just want to make sure it
i had some money and the balance still isnt changing.
My balance was not updated after transferring money.
for u, how long do transfers normally take from a UK account?i done one just now but nothing appears...i just need to be sure
do international transfers take longer??I did make a transfer from France 2 days ago but its still not there yet....
i am waiting on the transfer, i did
How long does it take for a bank transfer to show on my balance?
i transferred some money but i don't see it.
how long do transfsions to international banks take?i did one to france a couple days ago but still not there?
but my money has not arrived yet
How long does it take for transfers to show up in my account?
How long do it take for a transfer to post?
my money hasnt been transferred yet
i made one a few days ago and it still hasn't arrived at whats the normal time to make an international transfer?
why did my balance stop changing when I transferred money
Well, I did a thing and it is not showing up on my account.
how long do transfers take?
i did a transfer but the balance is the same.
I made a transfer but i haven't updated my balance yet
i transferred my balance a while back, why doesnt my account reflect this?
when will i see an updated balance after a transfer?
I am still waiting on my bank transfer.
A missing transfer on my account.
after making a transfer from a UK account it not showing up... how long do these transfers normally take for you...I want to be sure everything
can u check if my money reached my account since it isnt showing up yet
Why hasn't my money transfer yet showed up?
check if the band transfer I made a while ago from my UK account has safely arrived
Wheres the transfer to my account?
I made a bank transfer earlier from my UK account. I don't see it yet. Can you check the status?
why isnt my balance reflecting a transfer i did?
i made a bank transfer from my uk account today but it's not showing.can you check status?
How much time do I have to wait to see the update after making a bank transfer?
why aint my balance up to date i do a bank transfer and it isnt.
Hello,can you tell me about the international transfers....I got a transfer from France two days ago and i would like to know when it will
i added money through a bank transfer and it is not showing in my balance.
when will my account balance change from a transfer?
how much time do transfers normally take from a UK account?i just completed a transfer and nothing shows up...need to know if everything
I have transferred some money but the balance hasn't changed
It doesn't look like the balance has updated.
why has my account not updated to reflect my current balance?
WHERE IS THE TRANSFER I DID?
After transfering some money my balance hasn't changed.
How long does a transfer from a UK account take?I just made one and it seems to be not working..Want to know
The transfer on my account is not showing up.
When will my transfer come thru?
I didn't get money that i transferred yet
how long do UK transfers usually take you?? i just made a transfer and I'm not seeing anything wondering if it worked for you?
How long it takes for a bank transfer to come in?
the balance has not been updated.
i did, but it still haven't arrived yet, even though i transferred some money.
I am wondering if international transfers take longer, I made a transfer from France two days ago, and believed it would be here already..tell
I don't see any change in my balance.
I just got some money into my account and I dont see it updated yet...can you help?
but after making a payment can still see money in my account
i don't know if everything's ok over here..after making a transfer from a UK account it doesn't
Well i did a bank transfer but still it seems to not pass?
how long does it usually take to make a transfer from a uk bank I just made one and it hasn't show up in my
hi....a couple hours ago i make a transfer from my UK bank account...but it hasnt shown up...tell us what the delay
Why hasn't my money transfer yet showed up?
my transfer to my account is missing
i still havent seen my transfer
Why is my balance not up to date?
i am wondering how long it takes for my money to get to me after a bank transfer.
hi i have made a transfer from my bank in the uk about 2 hours ago i dont see it yet but whats the problem?
When does a UK transfer show up?
I do not see the money I transferred to this account
well how long before the transferred money shows up?
how long does it take transfers to go though?
how long would it take to make a transfer from france i made one 2 days ago and its not there yet.
i made a transfer from france a couple days ago and don't see the transaction yet how long does an international transfer take?
transferred to account is not successful. Help please?
my transfer is pending too long
Why isnt the transfer money there?
How long does it take an international transfer i made the transfer from France 2 days ago and its not showing up in my bank yet...
i just made a transfer and it hasnt updated my balance
why hasn't my money shown up yet?
i didnt see bank transfer to account,help?
How long it takes for money to transfer?
where is the money i got?
Why am I still waiting for a transfer?
Why does it take so long to update my balance transfer?
I transferred some money...and it's not gotten to me yet
i made a transferring a couple of hours ago but my balance has not been updated, why is this?shouldn't this be
i made a transfer from my UK account a couple of hours ago, please make sure everything went alright.
where is the transfer that I made to my account?
Ive made a bank transfer, but the money doesnt seem to be in my account.
I can't see a transfer i made to my account.
how long does it take for a transfer to appear and be available?
when is my balance going to update, I just transferred some money.
When will the money from my bank transfer be available?
I transferred some money but the balance stayed the same.
Hey, I made a transfer from my UK bank account and I haven't seen anything on the account in a few hours.Check its
I did a bank transfer and my balance isn't current.
i want to be sure everything is ok here.. i just made a transfer from a UK account and its still not showing up
I just made a transfer to my account, when will it show up?
I did transfer money, but the balance is not changed.
How long do tranfers from a UK account usuallt take for you?..I just made a transfer and nothing shows up
why is my transfer not showing up?
why didnt I have my money added to my balance?
Help me find the transfer I did
Well I just moved some cash, but the balance isn't changing.
whats the normal time for a transfer from a uk account? i just made a transfer and it don't appear at all
can you see my new balance yet?
how long does it take for money to transfer as my balance hasnt been updated
How long do I have to wait for my bank transfer to show up in my account?
how long does it take to get a uk transfer?i havent seen it show up yet in my bank account and want to make sure
Are bank transfers immediate?
I have money on my account and it's not showing up
what happened to the transfer i did?
I transferred some money a couple days ago but haven't got it yet how long should I expect to wait.
how long does it take for money to get to my account?
i did a transfer to my account, but it hasn't shown up.
My account isn't showing a transfer I made.
i transferred money and the money is not in my account
how long do bank transfers usually take?
hey i have a uk account, can u check if everything is alright with it, i made a transfer
how long does a transfer from the UK usually take?after completing the transfer it is not showing up.i need to know that everything I actually
How come the transfer isnt showing up in my account?
Balance isn't up to date
my transfer isn't there.
I made a bank transfer and the balance hasn't updated yet.
why wasnt my bank balance updated?
how long do i have to wait until the transfer money shows up.
Just a few hours ago I made a bank transfer from my UK account but I don't see that it has arrived.Can you check and
I can't see the transfer i put in.
when will my transfer process?
is there something wrong with my account...my balance didn't change even after I transferred a little bit...
it has been a couple of hours but i don't see my balance updated can u help?
how long transfers usually take from the uk i just finished a transfer and nothing seems to be showing so i need to be sure things are
i looked on the app and it says I withdrew cash and I did not
I didn't withdraw the amount of cash that's showing up in the app.
i saw on the app that a cash withdrawal was done on my account but i did not complete it.
I got a notice from my app that I withdrew cash but I don't remember doing so,how do I fix this?
someone has my card I definitely still have it here, but someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal, HELP
Why do I see a random withdrawal in my app?
Hello, look this issue up immediately..i have lost my wallet and i can see one withdrawal, and now i don't want to
someone has a copy of my card...i have my card with me but someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal...help me...
I don't remember initiating that withdrawal.
I received a message saying I made a withdrawal from the bank machine and I didn't.
someone copied my card i have my card with me, but someone just made a 500 cash withdrawal please help now.
help i see some money missing i didn't take out.
my wallet is taken and someone is using my card please help me
i see cash withdrawal activity on the app that is not mine...
I didn't make the withdrawal on my account.
a 500 pound cash withdrawal was just made from my account, but I didn't make it. I am pretty sure my card has been compromised
I just lost my wallet and I think someone is using my card to withdraw my moneycan you cancel my card or freeze my card??
the app is showing a cash withdrawal that I didn't make.
What is this witdrawal
there is a cash withdrawal I didn't make
I think someone stole money from my card
i hav a cash withdrawal on my statement i don't know.
that app says that i got cash from an aTM but i didn't.
I see money go out that I didn't withdraw.
i lost my wallet and i think someone is withdrawing cash with my card please help its urgent
someone stole my wallet and is using my card,can you do something to make them stop taking my money?
I think somebody got my card..i still have my card and i am getting a 50 withdraw that i didnt ask..help
I think my card has been compromised...I see a cash withdrawal on it I dont recognise...
i was checking my account and saw a $500 cash withdraw that i know i didn't do.I have my card so I don
hey i need help, someone stole my wallet a few hours ago, and a withdrawal is made and i dont want to suffer more
what should i do if i see an unauthorized withdrawal on my statement?
WD was just made on my account but it wasn't me and I still have my card what to do?
Why is there extra cash in my account?
what is this cash withdrawal i don't recognize?
I believe my card is compromised there is funds showing I didn't receive.
the money is showing up on my app
a wallet was just stolen. I see that my account already has a withdrawal, plz help me.
Someone made a withdrawal from my account for 500 I have my card so how can this be?Do somebody have a duplicate card or something help please
it listed an ATM, with cash withdrawals, but i dont remember making one.
but i saw a cash withdrawal on the app which i didnt do.
the app says i made a cash withdrawal even though i didnt.
what is this cash withdrawal on my statement?
my app shows cash I didn't get.
i see non-received cash in my app
the app is saying i made a withdrawl but i didn't.
I see cash in my app, but I didn't get it
my app statement says i took out cash from an ATM but i did not, what can i do?
Maybe someone cloned my card or something. Its not lost but i saw a charge of $500 cash withdraw. Can someone help
my card shows a cash withdrawal i dont know
I got a strange cash withdrawal in my statement
Help, someone has apparently withdrawn money using my card it's from some odd remote town where I definitely haven't been so please freeze it
my app shows a cash balance that i didn't receive.
Oh... the app has an ATM withdrawl, that I didn't make.
I'm seeing on the app some cash I didn't authorize.
Some cash shows up on my app
I am seeing unathorized transactions in the app, on my account.
I'M MISSING CASH FROM MY BANK ACCOUNT ADDRESSING TO MY APP
There are funds in my app that i did not receive.
I did have a cash withdrawal that i didn't do.
I don't know what this cash withdrawal is
Unexpected money in my account
i see a cash withdrawal in the app that i didn't do.
someone stole my wallet a few hours ago now and they have taken money off my account.Is there any way that you can help so I won
Hi...please freeze my card...someone has withdrawn money from my card in an odd remote town...since i havent done this withdrawal
The app says that I got cash in an ATM and I didn't
Please help me explain why the odd withdrawal amount is on my account?
What do I do if I don't recognise a cash withdrawal?
I hope u can help me, someone stole my wallet and now i have noticed that they have been taking money from my account.
I'm pretty sure I didn't but there was money taken out of my account...
i was the victim of someone stealing my wallet. My card is being used and it isnt me. What do I do?
I think a unauthorized cash withdrawal happened to my account
What if I see a cash withdrawal on my account that I don't remember making?
I am seeing inside the App a some cash withdrawal that is not mine.
The app shows money withdrawal that I did not do.
i tried use my card which was declined but when i tried to find out what happened i got cash withdraw for $500 and i didn'
i feel as though my card is gone cuz of a strange withdrawal
that's because there's money missing in my account
According to the app, i got cash from ATM and haven't made any transactions
its urgent freeze my card,some one in some odd remote town has withdrawn some money from my card,i did not withdraw money.
So why did i do not take cash?
i hope you can help me, my account has been compromised from another town that I haven't been to, can you please put a
I have a cash withdrawal in my account that isn't mine
there is a cash withdrawal on my statement that I did not make.
I am seeing on the App some cash withdrawal that doesnt belong to me.
my bank app says i got cash from an ATM but thats a mistake.
In the app I see a withdrawal that I didnt make.
there are wrong charges on my account, there was a WD that someone else made...I still have my card though.
I didn't get that cash show in my app
someone took money off my account, not me.
there is money in my account that I didn't put there
Someone is taking money out of my account without my approval in another town separate from me, please place a freeze on my account until I can make it
My App Says I withdraw money from an ATM
and can you tell me what the cash withdrawal is in my statement?
my identity has been stolen i still have my card tho and i have charges i don't make w my account how can
There was just a withdrawal but it wasn't me...I've never even visited the town where the withdrawal happened.
I'm on the app, and I see cash withdrawals that I didn't authorize.
i did not withdraw cash that is on my statement
But the app shows a withdrawal I didn't make or authorise.
money was taken out without my consent
I don't see it on my statement though
How do I report a cash withdrawal that wasn't me?
why did I not deposit money there?
but there is an unauthorized cash withdraw
HELP...the app says I took out cash but I didn't.
hello, just now i got to know withdrawal from my account..as someone used my card to withdraw amount in any odd remote area..
there is a suspicious withdrawal on my bank account.is it possible to freeze my card?
A cash withdrawal, the one that didnot make that, is showing up
i see an unauthorized withdraw.
im seeing in the app some cash withdrawal that i did not do.
i think someone made an uninvited copy of my card i have a cash withdrawal for 500£ that i did not make pl
My account says that I took a cash withdrawal but I can't remember doing so
Someone is using my card to buy flights to New York...not me...not going to New York.....can you cancel the card and refund the money??
I noticed a withdrawal in the app that isnt mine
some cash got withdrawn in the app but i didn't do it.
a couple of hours ago my wallet got stolen and now ive seen a withdrawal i need help this is incredibly urgent i dont wann
a withdrawal is showing that I don't recognize
I am sure I didn't make a Cash withdrawal
What is this withdrawal, I dont remember making it
I have my card here with me and someone has just made a withdrawal for 500......help.
I have a cash withdrawal that i dont recognise
Someone else used my card to withdraw cash from an ATM.
Some cash has been withdrawn but I didn't.
I want my card frozen right away, and money was taken out in an odd spot I have never heard of.
i need my card frozen because it was used without my consent to take money out... it was in an odd place.
I see on my statement a $200 withdrawal that sounds fishy to me.
It is a cash withdrawal on my account but I didn't make.
why is there a cash withdrawal I didn't make?
the app says i made a cash withdrawal that i didnt make.
Help! I think someone has made a cash withdrawal with my card!
what do i do when the charge i did not make is made
i need your help immediately there is a 500£ cash withdrawal that I know nothing about. I think my account has become compromised.
Can you tell me what the cash withdrawal is?
how do i check if I had cash withdrawal?i still have my card but i didnt authorize the cash withdrawal.
i think some1 might have a copy of my card because a 500 dollar withdrawal was made and it wasn't me can u help
someone has access to my card info i still have the card but someone just withdrew cash.how do i get this corrected/s
why does my app show me taking money that I did not take out?
I see in the app some cash was withdrawn but its not mine.
there is a withdrawal in my account I didn't make.
What is the strange cash withdrawal on my statement?
why would the app show a withdrawal I didn't make?
i have a cash withdrawal in my statement, why is that?
i didn't put the money in my account.
some cash withdrawal I didn't make showed up in the app.
there is a cash withdrawl i dont remember
someone stole my account so there is a withdrawal but it wasn't me please can we stop it?
theres money showing up in my app i didn't get.
i didn't withdraw cash but i see it on my app
I have a cash withdrawal that I don't really know.
my wallet was just stolen, and they've already used my card....help, I can't afford to lose more money
Please help me...some one has withdrawn money from my account as few hours before my wallet has been...now I want to stop withdrawn money....
Help, There is a cash withdrawl on the account that I didn't make...
I have a cash withdrawal on my statement that I don't recognize
the app is showing mt withdrawals that aren't mine.
my app says i did a withdrawal but i didn't.
i have some random cash on my account.
a cash withdrawal that i did not authorize is shown on my account - can you please cancel my card as soon as possible?
Cash I didnt get shows up in my account
My app says I withdraw funds out of my account through an ATM.
there is a weird withdrawal from my account...help ya?
Some money I didn't get shows in my app
how much is the exchange fee?
Are there any hidden extra fees for currency exchanges?
If I exchange currencies on a frequent basis can I receive a discount?
is there any cost to change foreign money to local?
well.......what are the currency exchange fees?
Do you charge a fee on currency exchange?
what is the current exchange fee?
will I get charged an extra fee if i have to exchange currencies?
do currency exchanges have any extra fees?
does it cost extra to swap foreign currencies???
Is there a fee for currency exchange?
How much more do you charge for currency exchange?
does it have a fee if you change currencies??
Exchange fee help?
what's the exchange fee?
what is the monetary costs of exchanged currencies?
how much will i pay for a cross exchange?
How much extra will I have to pay to exchange foreign currencies?
do i pay extra for exchange?
do I need to pay extra for exchange currencies?
How much to exchange currencies?
I need to figure out the exchange fee
IS there a fee to exchange currency?
Do I get a discount if I exchange currencies a lot?
What kind of costs are involved in a currency exchange?
are there any discounts on exchange of currencies often?
do you offer any discounts for someone who exchanges currencies frequently?
is there a pay structure for currency exchanges?
would I need to pay extra for exchange of currencies???
what is the charge for exchange?
any discounts for frequent currency exchanges?
how much do i have to pay for exchange of currency?
I need to exchange foreign currency will i be charged?
I need to change currencies a lot can you give me a discount?
always exchanging currencies do you offer a discount?
How much do I have to pay to accept an international transfer?
is there a foreign currencies charge?
i trade alot....what is the exchange price break?
if i exchange currency on a regular basis, is there a discount?
Do you charge extra for trade in currencies?
will there be a cost for swapping currencies?
what is the cost of exchanges?
how much does currency exchange cost?
my currencies needed to be exchanged a lot I was wondering if there were any discounts for this?
is there a frequent currency discount?
Would I need to pay extra for currency exchanges?
Are there any extras for exchanging currency?
will I get charged on a foreign currencies exchange?
fees for currency exchange
i travel a lot can i get a bulk currency exchange discount?
How much does it cost to exchange currencies?
Do exchanges cost more?
do the currency exchanges cost extra?
is there an additional cost to exchange currencies?
i've been to several different countries.Can I exchange the cash with a discount for a large transaction?
what do you charge for a exchange fee?
I exchange currencies alot, can I get a discount?
is there a charge for echanging currencies?
what is the fee for taking money from a foreign country?
is there a fee for currency exchange?
how much do you charge for exchange rates?
Will I have to pay extra to exchange money?
are there any other charges if i exchange currency?
what is the cost of currency exchanges?
Do ya give a fee for exchanges in foreign currencies?
How much does it cost to exchange?
How much does it cost to exchange my balance?
are there discounts on frequent exchanges of currency?
How much does it cost to exchange currencies?
If you're the type that switches currencies on a regular basis, do you have a discounted rate?
What should I expect to pay for currencies that I swap?
what is your currency exchange fee?
i got foreign currency wanna change how much will it cost me?
is there a cost for exchanging foreign currency??
if i exchange currencies often can i get a discount rate?
will there be a cost if i exchange currency?
how much will be charged for exchanges??
can i get a discount if i swap currencies regularly?
and can u charge me for exchanging foreign monies?
What is the rate for exchange fees?
What is the exchange fee for a currency?
IS THIS A FEE FOR EXCHANGE?
Does this discount apply if I exchange currencies regularly?
How much is the exchange fee?
If I exchange currencies all the time is there a discount?
how much does it cost for a foreign currency exchange?
what is the exchange fee for foreign currency?
will i be charged for exchanging foreign currencies??
Is there a few for exchanging foreign currencies?
Tell me the exchange fee what is that?
please give us the forex exchange rates
what do i charge for a foreign currency exchange?
Do I get any kind of discount on volume for a lot of currency exchanges?
Any extra charges for echange currencies?
are currency exchanges free?
do i have to pay extras if i exchange currencies?
does it cost anything to do currency exchanges?
is it free to exchange currency?
if someone in a diff country send me money do i have to pay a fee?
how much is it to exchange currencies
do i have to pay more for exchanges?
Can I be charged for exchanging foreign currency?
can you give me a discount cause I have to exchange currencies so much?
Is it possible to have a discount for exchanging currency frequently?
how much does it cost to swap currencies?
my job requires me to do a lot of exchanging currency, and I was wondering about any possible discounts or lower prices...
I wanted to know what discounts were offered for current exchanges as it is something that occurs frequently.
if exchanged to foreign currencies is there any fee
is there a exchange fee, are there any?
Is there an extra fee to exchange currency?
whats the fee for a foreign currency exchange?
Do I need to pay more for exchanges of currencies?
where do i find out about exchange fees.
what's the exchange fee, exactly?
i need to exchange some foreign currency, what is the charge for that?
is there another charge to swap currencies?
Is there a difference fee if you exchange currencies?
is there any discount for multiple currency exchanges?
what about the exchange fee?
What's the exchange fee?
what commission do you take for currency exchage?
what is the charge for using a top up card in the us?
How much does it cost to top up a us card?
What fees is charged when i top up?
Is there a charge for topping up by card?
Which US cards have top up charges?
Will you charge me if I top up by card?
how much does it cost to add money to my card
How much do you pay to add money with an international card??
does it cost money to top up?
should i add money via bank transfer?
Do I have to pay extra if I use an international card to top up my account?
what are the costs to top up a us card?
Do you charge me if I use a European bank card for top up?
I have to top up but i have to use an international card.is there any cost to that?
How much does it cost to add money?
will i be charged for topping up?
Do you have any fees if I want to add money with an international card
i want to refill my card is there a charge?
is there a fee to add money to an international card?
Does it cost to add money to my card??
Do I get charged for a top up from a european bank?
and are there fees for top ups?
does it cost to top my card up?
how much does it cost for topping by card?
What do I pay if I use a European Bank for a top up?
is there any charges for using a bank card to top up?
i was wondering if you'll take any fees in exchange for top ups?
and are there any charges for European bank card for top up?
Are there still fees for european top ups?
what are you going to charge me if I top up my us card?
will i be charged to top up using a debit or credit card?
if i go with a european card is there a charge?
will i see fees from adding money with a international card?
Do you charge extra for topping up with a debit or credit card?
aah... and is there any fee for eu bankcards?
What are the top up charges for all US cards?
do you charge a fee when i add money to my international card?
do u have a top fee for US cards??
are there going to be fees from adding money with an international card?
how much does it cost to top up a card?
Does it cost anything to top up?
Are there any charges for topping up a US card?
What fees do you have for top ups?
is there a fee to top up a US card using a debit or credit card?
Do I get charged if I top up with my European bank card?
how much does it cost to top up by credit card?
are you gonna charge me to top up my card???
What does top up a us card cost?
Are there top up charges for US cards?
how much does it cost to top up a US issued card?
Will you charge me for topping up with a European card?
Do you charge for adding cash in USD?
if you use a bank card to top up do you have to pay any fees?
are there fees to top up with a international card?
i got my card topped off is it something you will charge me for?
How do I add money to my card
is it free to add money to my card?
Will I be charged any fees if I want to add money with an international card?
Can I top up for free with a European card?
Is topping up free?
Is USD free to top up with a US card?
how much do you charge to top up US cards?
is it free for top ups?
what is the fee for topping up by card??
Is there a charge for the top up card in US?
When i add money to an international card, do I get charged fees?
?Are there any charges for topping up my card?
Is there a top-up fee if you add money in USD?
Will I get charged for topping up with an international card?
how much for topping up by card?
Is there a fee for topping off a US card?
do you charge for topping up your card??
do you have any card fees if i want to add money using an international card?
What is the top up rate for using a card in the US?
is there a fee for topping up a card?
if i use a european bank card for a top up will you charge me more?
when I add money to my international card is there a fee?
are there any fees for top ups?
can i get info on topping up?
and is there a fee for topping up by charge card?
Is there any charge for top ups?
what are the top up fees for my card?
would i be charged any fees if i added money to my account using an international card?
where can i top my card for free?
How much top up is there for US cards???
is there a charge for using an european bank card for top up?
will you charge an extra fee for top ups?
What do I need to know about topping up?
will it cost extra to add money to an international card??
What do I do when topping up a US card?
is there a charge for top ups?
HOW MUCH DOES IT COST TO U US CARDS?
I am worried about fees for top up cards?
Will I get charged up for topping up with a European card?
i need to know what charges will i incur for using a European card for top up.
If I add money with an international card, are there any fees?
can I get charged for topping up by card???
What are the fees for adding money to an international card?
what is the top up fees for using an european bank card?
If you have an International card, are there fees for adding money?
european bank card for top up will come with any extra fees?
Are there any fees if I want to add money using an international card?
if I use a European bank card for a top up will I incur a charge?
will you charge me more if I top up with an international card?
will i be charged for adding money using an international card?
How much is it to use my us debit or credit card to top up?
and will there be extra charges when adding money into my international card?
will you assess me more fees if i top up with an international card?
is there a fee for adding money with a credit card?
Will there be any fees for top ups?
If US cards have a top up charge, what is it?
what are the fees to use a european bank card?
How much do top up fees cost?
i want to add money to my international card, so are there any fees charged for doing that?
Help me with my card, it won't activate.
i was tired but cant activate my card
i want to start using my card
how do I verify my new card?
I tried to activate my plug in and it didn't work.
HOW DO I Activate MY CARD
Can someone help me to activate my card?
my card needs to be activated
i did not have activate my card
is my card ready for use or does it need activated and if so how?
Help me activate my new card.
Do i need a photo ID to activate a new card?
i just got my new card how do i activate it?
Can I have my card activated?
I can't seem to activate card
but it won't let me activate my card.
i tried activation my card, but it didn't work.
I want to use my card How do I activate it?
Activate my card
can i get some help activating my new card?
Is my card activated?
i wanna activate my card.
Can i call to get my card activated?
how can i activate my new card, i didnt get an instruction with it on how to do so.
i just got a new card how do i activate it?
will u be able to activate my card...
can i get some help to get my card activated?
I want to activate my new card
what would i do if i want to activate my new card?
What do you have to do to activate and use a card?
Can I activate my card?
need help activating my card?
I need help with activating my new card
how do i get my card active?
what do i have to do to activate my card?
what is needed to activate my card??
How can my new card be activated?
Can you activate my card plz
how do i turn on my new card?
If you can help with activating the card please.
can u activate my card?thanks
i tried activating my card and it doesn't work how do I solve this problem?
can i activate my card with the app?
i wanna start using my card how do i activate it?
what is the process to activate a card?
hey, i need my card activated please
what do i need to activate my card?
How do I activate my card so that I can start using it?
I need my card activated
i need help with activating my card
I've just received my card and I want to activate it.
Can you help me in activating my card?
how do i activate my card to start using it?
instructions for activating card
What do I need to do for the card activation?
I am not able to activate my card, it won't let me.
when are you gonna activate my card?
i need to activate my card
How do I get my new card activated?
what can i do to activate that?
what do i have to do to activate my card?
My new card just arrived, how do i activate it?
I have problem activating my card
my card is not able to be activated how do i get it to work?
i cant activate my card how to fix this?
I can't activate my card
how can i activate the new card i got?
how long should i wait to activate my card?
How do I activate a card?
what is the procedure to activate this card?
my card needs to be activated ASAP
..whats the quickest way to activate my new card?
but couldn't do card activation.
Who do I call to activate my new card?
you can activate your card in a few seconds by going to account, hitting activate, and just following the directions.
Tell me what I need to do to activate my card
what is the process for activating a new card
and my card activation is failing
i need to activate my card, how is that done?
I want my card activated, what do i do?
i got my card now how do i activate it?
how long does it take to activate my card?
how do i activate my card so i can start using it?
what is the activation method of this card
Can someone help me activating my new card
what is the process of activating my new card?
I need help activating my card
tell me how to renew my new card??
my new card came in how do i activate it?
how do i activate this card?
what are the steps to activate my card?
I have a new card to activate
i wana get help from your customer service help me activate my card
What should i do to activate a new card?
I tried activating my card but it didn't work.
i need my card to be activated right now
what information do i need to gather to activate my card?
What do i need to have with me to activate card
What am I gonna need to activate my card?
Show me how to activate my card
I need help on how to activate my card
how do i activate a new card?
My new card needs activating
where do I activate my card?
Do u know how to activate my card?
how can i make my card active?
Help me activate the new card please
Can u help me activate my card
So my card activation didn't work for me.
I just got a new card and I want to know how to activate it
could i activate my card?
card activation steps
what is the process of activating my card and using it?
I have a new card and I have to activate it.
Do I have to go somewhere to activate my card?
What do I do to activate my new card?
i just got a new card how do i get it to start working?
i need help to activate the card on my account.
i cant activate my card?
my new card is here what is the process for activating it?
where can i activate my card?
how can i switch on my new card?
with my new card, how can i activate it?
Help me activate my card.
how long does it take to activate the card...it looks like its not working?
u can do that in just a few seconds, go to account, hit activate, and follow the directions from there.
cards activation is not working what do i do?
wats the id to activate my card?
i need to activate a card
i want to activate my card how to do that?
I want to activate the card
im planning to activate my card was it possible?
The card activation is not working.
i've got a new card, how do i activate it?
I need to action my card.
how do i get my card activated?
I'd like my card to be activated
How do I make my card ready to use?
Can I use my new card?
what do I have to do to activate my new card?
i have a new card. how do i activate it?
the activation didnt work.........help plz?
I just got my card, can't get it to work.
I just received my replacement card, what do i have to do to activate it?
i want to use my card but how do i activate it
how do i activate my new card?
what are the steps to activate the card, it doesn't seem to work?
I just got my new card. How can I activate it?
Please help me with activation.
Where do i activate my card?
If you to to account, hit activate, and follow the instructions, you can activate it in just a few seconds.
is my new card activated?
help me activate my card
I can't seem to activate card
what do i need to do to use my card i just got?
i got my new card whats the activation procedure??
How can I renew my new card?
how do you activate a card??
How do I activate my card that just arrived?
when i took out money, why is there a charge?
Why am I being charged for withdrawing cash?
i made a cash withdrawl and theres this charge, what is this?
I was wondering what was the extra fee for using an ATM
Why am I being charged extra when I withdraw money?
why am I charged to get the money off the ATM.
I saw I was charged extra for money I withdraw?
is ATM use free or does it cost extra?
Why did they take more money out than I withdraw?
I withdrawn cash and got charged.
Why has a cash withdrawal charge me?
I got charged for getting cash
Hey i have a question vsa a strange fee i see on my account you guys charge for ATM withdrawal never noticed this fee
And why do I have to pay for withdrawing cash?
y was there a fee to withdraw cash?
Why was I charged extra for withdrawing money?
I made a transaction at an atm and was charged extra for it.
I made a cash withdrawal and got charged extra why?
Why was I charged for cash withdrawal?
why did there a fee on my cash withdrawal?
Why was I charged for a cash withdrawal at the atm?
Since when do you charge to withdraw, Ive done it for free, so how much is it now?
WHY IS THERE AN EXTRA FEE FOR USING THE ATM?????
Is the withdrawal fee a mistake?
why did i have to pay extra at an ATM??
why am i being charged for ATM cash withdrawals the only reason i use it is because it's been free now you expect me to pay
why was my account assessed a fee for an ATM transaction?
Why am i being charged for ATM fees??
Why have I been charged for pulling cash out of my own account?
i went grocery shopping and i pulled the money out then it got charged again.
do you charge for a withdrawal?I took some money out of my account earlier and I was charged for this
So i just got charged for my recent ATM withdrawal and every withdrawal before this was free. Whats the issue here?
why was i charged extra money when going at the ATM?
when i got cash i was charged an extra fee explain
I wasn't supposed to be charged a cash withdrawal fee, but I was.
i have a question about fee for cash withdraw.
Whats your rules for ATM fees?
How do I avoid a fee to use an ATM?
How much can I withdraw in 1 month without incurring fees?
am i charged more for using the ATM?
I just pulled money out of the ATM and I got charged, WHy?
Why did I have to pay for a withdrawal?
when i got out why the extra cost?
i took out money and there is a fee. why?????
is there a cash withdrawal fee? because I just got charged?
Hey,I want to know some more about ATM Withdraw Fee,I've been withdrawing money for years and notice this charge on my account,
how much can i withdraw before fees and i noticed a fee on my card but i didn't think i hit a limit
this is not right...I was told I could take out cash at the ATM for free?
How come i had to pay to get my money from the amm?
I just saw a charge for a cash withdrawal, ATM withdrawals were always free in the past, so why is there suddenly a charge?
why are you charging for cash withdrawals?I went to withdraw some money earlier today after getting my groceries, and it seems there is a fee that
what's up with the fee for getting cash?
i was told that pulling cash from the am is free but it's charged why?
Why are fees charged for cash withdrawals, I went to withdraw some money earlier today after shopping...there is a new fee that there
when i drew money from my account the other day, i noticed the fee...i thought there was nothing for withdrawals... how
i thought it was free to make a withdrawal so how much does it cost now?
just looked at my statement. why am i changed for using the ATM?
Why are you charging me for ATM withdrawal... it's always been free before.
i got charged for use at the ATM,why?
There was an extra fee when I was at the ATM...why?
I hate this ATM, I got charged an extra, why did it charge?
Why am I charged extra at the ATM?
whats up with the extra fee I got?
Tell me why there is a charge on my cash withdrawals.
why was i charged for getting cash?
Why y r I getting charged to make cash withdrawals...I thought it was supposed to be free
I shouldn't have gotten a fee to withdraw cash.
I got charged a fee that shouldn't be there from my cash
i was charged money for withdrawals.
I want some cash from the amart with my card, but i dont want to be charged any fees i have taken some out before
I got this stupid fee after taking cash out, why?
I got charged for a cash withdrawal.. why?
I got cash and got charged a fee that shouldnt be there
please help, there was an extra fee when i got cash.
hey i got charged for my ATM withdrawal, i thought it was free, its the first time i've had this prob...
Can you tell me why i got charged to withdraw cash?
why was i charged a fee for withdrawing money???
why did my cash withdraw come with such an unnecessary fee???
there was some fee associated with my withdrawal
Will I be charged for a cash withdrawal?
explain the extra ATM fees
i just took some cash out of a cash machine in Heathrow airport, cuz i wanted to buy some new sunglasses for my holiday
the bank charged me fees for withdrawing cash
Why am I charged a fee for getting cash?
I used an ATM... why was i charged extra?
if I withdraw cash is there a fee for that?
i payed a fee to withdraw cash can you tell me why?
I got cash for a fee right?
i noticed today that I was charged for an ATM withdrawal,can you fix this....its supposed to be no charge.
Why you are charging fees on cash withdrawals I went to withdraw some money earlier today after buying groceries.
is there a fee for cash withdrawals, i always thought it was free.
tell me why I pay an extra when I use an atm?
Why did you charge me extra for withdrawing money?
is there always a charge when withdrawing money??
I have a fee for cash withdrawal
Make me understand why I am charged extra at ATM
why am i being charged a fee when using an ATM?
I thought ATM cash withdraws were free, Why did I suddenly have to pay?
i didn't know there was any fees for withdrawing money from my account...never happened to me before...what exactly are the fees?
are there ATM fees?
Do you charge for cash withdrawals?  I want to get my hands on my own money and you appear to be charging me for the pleasure! Why is this, you'd never get this with my high street bank!
is there a fee when i get cash from a amm?is there a limit i can take out, if it
when i pulled cash why was there a fee?
mr. ATM charged me a fee, why?
Why am I being charged for withdrawing cash but haven't in the past?
why did i pay a fee for getting cash?
You guys charge me money for getting cash.
Why did I get charged when getting cash?
I made a cash withdrawal and got charged a fee wrong can u help?
i got charged fees for withdrawing cash
since when were there charges for taking out cash from my account its always been free for me to do this before..how much are the charges going to
an unexpected fee for my cash withdrawals
when i got cash I got extra fees on my account
while getting cash, I got charged.
Why did i get charged for a withdrawal?
How came i got charged extra to withdraw cash?
Why am I getting charged for getting cash?
why do I see extra charges for withdrawing my money?
Any time i've made ATM withdrawal before has always been free, now i say i have been charged for my most recent ATM withdrawal...
Whats going on, I got charged recently for an ATM withdrawal. Never seen this charge before and before it's always been free.
i saw a fee on my receipt from withdrawing money while shopping earlier. Is there supposed to be a fee for this type of transaction
why was the ATM charging me extra fees?
Extra fees on a cash withdrawal, not cool.
why am i being charged certain fees?i noticed a fee after i withdrew some money for groceries earlier today.
have you ever started charging cash withdrawals? I always thought it was free till I noticed this fee... how much??
Why am I being charged extra when I withdrawn money?
I noticed I'm being charged for my recent ATM cash withdrawal, i think it's free, and you never charged me so far.
I'm thinking I was aws charged for a withdrawal when I was grocery shopping.. are you guys charging for this now??
why was I charged when taking out money?
is there a fee on withdrawals?
Are there charges for cash withdrawals?
do i get charged for withdrawing?
I got in charge for withdrawing money from my a ATM...how can that be possible when i didnt get charged before...
Why did I get charged for withdrawing cash?
when u start charging to withdraw? how much is it now? i always thought it was free.
and what was the extra charge for withdrawing money?
I got charged a fee with my cash withdrawal that should not have been applied.
Why is there a fee for cash withdrawal?
why did using an ATM put me up with an additional fee?
Why did I get a fee from the ATM?
to cash withdrawals charges me?
why was it that i had to pay a fee to withdraw money??
i took cash out of an azt and got charged a fee.
i thought it was free and why did i have to pay?
I never have been charged for an ATM cash withdrawal before but now, i am being charged a fee to withdraw cash, what happened?
i pulled cash out and I was charged why?
Why do i have to pay for an ATM withdrawal? thought these were free?
i used an ATM and I got an odd fee.
I used my card the other day to get cash from an ATM and was charged an extra fee...I don't understand why I am being charged
why was there a fee with my cash withdrawal?
what is this extra charge for a withdrawal?
YES.......... Is there a charge for getting cash??
hey, I noticed a problem on my recent withdrawal at the banks ATM machine, I made a transaction and upon receiving my funds from the machine
I have a strange transaction on my account..it appears to pertain to a cash withdrawal I made outside Nandos in Leeds..
Why did you charge me to take out cash?
ive been to the ATM where i was charged a withdrawal fee the past few times...do you have any different policies on fees??
why am i being charged for withdrawing cash money?
What is your policy on withdrawing cash from an ATM? There is a fee on my account that wasn't there before I paid for my groceries.
and what was the extra fee that I was charged when using an ATM?
Why do I get charged every time I withdraw cash?
why did u charge me extra when i pulled my money out?
I used an ATM and there was an extra charge
that fee shouldn't be there... you charge my cash for an unnecessary thing...
Why was there a charge for withdrawing my money?
Why did you charge me when I pulled out from an ATM?
Why is there now a charge for making cash withdrawals?I wanted some cash after I went to the grocery store, and now there's
why am I being charged to withdraw money?
Why did I pay extra for my withdrawal?
Why did withdrawing money cost me extra?
why did i have to pay to withdraw money off my card?
what is the fee for a cash withdrawal?
I withdrawn money, got a fee.....I hope that's clear, lmao
I used my card to get cash and then was charged a fee that I shouldnt have been paying.
i noticed a different charge while taking my money out
Why was I charged a fee for withdrawing money?
Do cash withdrawals cost anything?
why are there fees for getting cash?
if i want my new card fast, are there any express fees?
do i need to do something to get a new card once it expires?
Im overseas, can i get a replacement card???
Can I get a new card with a new expiration date in China?
Are there restrictions on new cards in China?
Need a new card, mine is expiring.
i need a new card replacement for my expired one.ll it cost anything and how soon??
my card expires next week, how do I get a new one?
what is the cost and timeframe of getting a new card?
Can you get a new card in china?
does it cost much or take a long time to get a new card?mine is about to expire
What do I have to do before my card runs out?
My card is about to expire. How do i get a new card?
will i get a new card when mine runs out?
my card is due to expire.
if my card expires soon WHAT CAN I DO?
can i still order a new card if im in china and if so how?
my card is expiring in a month are i supposed to ask for the next one??
What happens if my card expires?
i have a card expiring a month from now, should i order a new one?
will i get a new card before mine expires?
the date my card expires is coming up.
How can I replace an expired card?
How can I get a new card sent to china?
But after my card expires, what should I do?
my card is about to expire What should i do to keep using my card?
My card is due to expire soon, do i need a new one?
Where can i get a new bank card sent to china?
I need a new card, I'm in china please help
tell me what to do after my card expires.
How do I know when my card will expire?
what's the procedure for an expired card?
How do I order new cards when my old one is over.
what do i do if my card is about to expire?
What happens after my card expires?
Where can I order a card in China?
How do I replace a card that is going to expire?
what can i do if my card is expired?
What should I do before my card expires?
I need a new card before it ends.
when I get a new card...and how much it will cost?
Can I wait for you to send me a new card when mine's about to expire?
When my card expires soon how fast is the card replaced and how much do u have to pay to get a new one
how do i order new card because the last one is about to expire
can i order a new card to china?
Is ordering a new card from China available?
what to do if my card is about to expire?
My card is about to expire are there any costs to get a new one How quick do you mail it to me?
can u order a new card while in china?
my card is expiring... need to get a new one... whats the price and delivery option for my replacement?
if my card is about to expire how long would it take to get a new one and how much would that cost me?
My card is about to expire how do i order another?
my card is expiring soon, how do i order a new card?
I need a new card my old one will expire soon but can you tell me how to order it?
When my card expires what is the cost of getting a new one and how fast?
i will need a new card cause mine is almost expired how fast do I get a replacement and whats the cost?
do i need to order a new card if mine is expiring?
My card will slack next month?.. should i get a new one
Can I get this sent to China?
My card is going to expire very soon, what is the cost to get a new one and what is the delivery time?
My card is at 'expiration', how do I get a new card?
Tell me how to replace my expired card
can i order a new card by phone?
My card is expiring soon.
my card is about to expire, what will happen?
what should I do when my card is due to expiry?
please tell me how to get a new card...mine is just about to expire
my card is expiring soon will u send me one automatically??
want a new card what are the fees
my card is coming up close to expiration date
what'll happen when my card runs out?
Can i get a new card in china?
my card is almost gone,what should i do?
Can i order a new card with the app?
How do I replace my card before it expires next month?
my card is expiring how fast can i get a new one and how much will it be?
i need a new card...my old one is aging
how do i replace my card before it expires?
what should i expect at the end of my card?
if I order a new card how much and how long will it take to get it?
How do I get a card sent to China?
What should I do when my card is gone??
How do I get a new card if my current one is up to expire?
i want to get a new card before my current one is out how much will it cost me how long will it take to get here?
my card is going to expire, what do i do?
do i need to order a new card before it expires?
Does it cost anything to get a new card?mine's about to expire and I'd like to know how long it takes to get
my bank card is expired how do i get a new card?
how to get a new card in china
how do I order a new bank card?
I have an expired card so do i have to ask for an updated card?
if my card goes out next month will i have to order a new card?
my card's expiration is close, how do i order a new one?
What do I do after my card expires?
Do i have to reapply to order a new card when my old one is about to expire?
A card that's about to expire I need to renew it
if my card is going to expire this month do I need to order a new one?
my card is getting out of date..how do I get a new one?
can i order a new card....mine is about to expire
my card is due to expire soon
Can I keep using my card after it expires?
How do I replace my card?
Are new cards available from China?
my card is almost going to expire.
im in china and i really need a new card.
I have a card that is expiring soon when do I need to order a new one.
Does it cost anything...how long would it take to get a card if i need a new one...my card is about to expir
I have my card on expiry.do I have to go to a branch to get a new card?
will u send me a new card in china?
What do I do about my expired card?
Can I have new card shipped to china?
can i have a card sent to china?
i have my card expiring soon how do i replace it?
How do I get a new card when my old one expires?
What happens when my card expires?
what happens when my card is due to expire?
my card expires soon
my card is almost expired how fast will i get a new one and what is the cost??
How do you get a new card, when your old one ends?
help me order a new card that's going to be expired soon.
What do I do when I get near the expiration date of my card?
my card is about to expire where do i get a new one?
want to get a new card in china
or what to do when my card is out?
my card has a expiration date will you send me a new one automatically
can i get a new card when im in china?
my card is expiring how do I get a new one?
i think my card is expiring what happens then?
How do I get a new expiration date?
i have an apple watch how do i top up my card?
can i use google pay to top up?
Why top up is not working even if I got my American Express in Apple Bay?
can i deposit using apple pay?
can i use google pay for topping up
I do I top up from my Apple Watch?
i need to top up can i use google pay?
How do i go about topping up with Google Pay?
Google pay top up didn't work
Google play top up help?
what currencies does google pay top up accept?
can i use my american express card with apple pay?
Why can't I get my top up to work in Apple Pay?
can i use my apple watch to top up?
Is top up possible with Apple Pay?
Why isn't my google top up pay working?
What do I do if my google pay top up isnt working?
Can I top up with Google Pay?
Am I able to use Apple Pay?
I got my American Express in Apple Pay Why is top up not working in my country?
can i add funds directly from my apple watch?
Apple watch top up help please??
i am having a slight problem with my american express in apple play,can you help me fix the problem with top up?
In regards to top ups can I do them via Google Pay?
How do you Top Up on the apple watch?
can i top up with apple pay?
Can i use topup with apple pay?
I want to top up from my apple watch, can I?
can I use the apple watch to make a top up?
My American Express works with my apple pay, why is top up not working?
i want to know if i can top up with google pay
but can i top up via apple pay?
Can I top up with my apple watch?
why top up is not working for my apple pay app
Can I use Apple Pay to top up?
Why doesn't my Google pay top up work?
How do I set up my Google Pay?
but how do i top up with google play?
i seem to be having trouble with my google pay top. Can you help please?
does google pay offer a top up option?
i got my american express in apple pay why is top up not working on my device?
How do I get top up to work in Apple Pay?
is apple pay a top up service?
How do I top up my apple watch?
i want to top up my account,can i do it with google pay?
can I use my apple watch to top up?
I got my American Express in Apple Pay, is there a reason why top up doesn't work?
Can I use my Apple watch to pay for gas?
I want to use top up with my Apple Pay
how do i get top up to work for my card
my google top up pay is not going through
how do i set up my apple pay watch to connect to my account?
google pay top up needs help
my google pay top up is not working
help me please my apple pay american express top up does not work
are you able to do top ups on apple pay?
could i use apple pay on top of it?
what can I do if I got my american express in apple bay but top ups is not working?
top up is not working even though I have my AMEX in apple pay.
where do i top up my google pay?
with google pay can i top up?
why does top up not work when I use my american express with apple pay
I can't use my American Express with Apple Pay to top up my account
does my top up and apple pay work together?
I can't use top up on Google Pay.
I have my american express in apple play, looks like top up got a problem, please help
why isn't my google pay top up working?
can i top up with google pay?
can apple pay handle top up exchanges?
Can I top up with apply pay?
how do i top up my google pay?
I want to top up with my Apple Watch.
Could google pay and top up be together?
I can't get google pay to work right.
does google play have the service to top up?
can I top up my google pay?
can i use american express with apple pay and why does my top up not work?
Can I top my account up with Google Pay?
i can't get my google pay to work
can i still top up with my apple watch?
i can't get my google pay top to work are there any problems on your end
can i top up an apple pay?
why does Google Pay Top not work?
am i able to do top ups with google pay?
what are the steps to top up with apple pay?
i got my american express in apple pay, is there a reason why top up isn't working?
google pay top up isn't working.
Can you help me get Top Up to work in the apple pay function?
will apple watch let me top up?
How can I top up my apple watch?
what services can i use to top up?
can an apple watch be used to tupup???
Can I use my Apple watch to fill my gas tank?
google pay top up cpu not working for me did i do something wrong?
what should i do to top up using my apple watch???
my google pay seems to be acting up.
topup google pay, is it possible?
can i top up with google pay?
how to setup my apple pay
is there a way to do a top up with apple pay?
top up for my american express card is not working
how to activate google pay for top up?
my google pay top up isn't working, Help
i can't see my gpay top up is it not working right?
How can i get my google pay top up to work?
Google pay top up Not Working
My Apple Pay top up with my American Express card is not working...why don't you please tell me?
can i top up with google pay?
can you top up from apple watch?
can u help on apple watch top ups
i got my american express in apple pay, why is top up not working??
how can i top up google pay?
i have been trying to add money with apple pay but it won't work why?
Google pay ain't working... What's wrong?
Google Pay won't let me top up
Apple Pay isnt accepting my american express card, can you help me?
I got my AMERICAN EXPRESS IN APPLE PAY, why is top up not working right?
Help me with apple pay Getting Top Up?
can i use google play as my primary app to top up?
Is my Apple Watch able to top off my account?
I'm trying to use my Apple Watch to top up my google pay.....Did I need a special app?
Can I pay for my gas using my apple watch?
can i use google pay for top up, please help?
how do I top up with google play?
How can i top up with Apple Pay?
can i use my apple watch to top up?
What do you need for identity verification?
how can i prove i am me?
i need to verify my identity how do i do that?
how can i verify my identity?
How can I confirm my identity online?
I don't know how to complete the identity check process.
why do i have to prove ID
what am i going to need to check my identity?
how can i prove that im who i am?
How and where can i find the ID checks?
What is required to do it?
what do i need to do to perform identity checks?
how do i check i am my ID
how recent do my documents need to be for verification?
can you tell me what i need to do for identity check?
what are u need to prove ur identity??
What do I need to prove who I am?
hi what documents can i use to gtaver my identity?
How do you go about confirming your identity?
what will i need to verify my identity?
how can i know if im legitim?
what proof of identification is needed?
How do i check my ID?
What do I need to do ID check?
i need id verification, what should i do
what do u need for id verification?
what paperwork do I need to bring together to verify my identity?
How do I go through the identity checks?
What are the steps I need to do for identity checking?
what are the steps to verify identity?
what is id verification process?
what are the different steps for identity checks?
where do I go to fill out the identity form?
please tell me how i prove my identity
how can i prove who i am?
how about some sort of identitaision verification?
what do i need in regards to identification?
Please tell me what steps I should follow to verify my identity
what type of ID do u need to get for id verification?
Where can I verify my identity?
i don't know what i need to verify my id
can you tell me what i need for the identity check?
what do you need to prove a person is genuine?
What are the steps for identity checks?
How do i check my ID?
but if i dont have all my documents can tthey still verify my identity?
Why do I have to show ID.
i dont know how to verify my identity.
does i need any kind of proof for the identity check?
can i get a complete list of instructions for identity checks?
Let me know what the steps are for the identity checks
What do I need for the verification check?
where do i go to verify my identity?
What must be provided for ID verification?
i was told to verify my identity how do i do that?
can i use my social security card to be my id??
what can I do to check my identity?
what do i need for my identity check?
How do I fill out the identity check?
what do you take at the identity check?
can i verify my identity i the app?
what has to be done to verify my identity?
I have to verify my identity what do I need to do?
What type of id do you accept?
what do i need for the ID check?
so, if im getting my id verified, what all do i need?
how to verify my identity?
what forms of ID is ok for verification?
what are the steps of verifying an identity?
Can I verify my identity?
Where can I go to check my ID?
How do I prove my identity?
i'm worried about fraud how can i protect my account
what kind of proof do you want
I'm trying to check my real name and I dont know how so what do i do??
What documentation is needed for the identity check?
which documents do i need for this identity check.
What can I use to verify my identity?
what does the identity check take?
do i need any type of documentation for identity check?
what is needed for identity verification?
Tell me the steps for identity checks
What are acceptable documents to prove my identity?
for id verification, what do you need?
What do you need to get my ID right?
how do i change my id?
can i get info on the identity checks?
where in the app do i go to prove my identity?
How can you help me with proving who I am?
How do I verify my id?
why do I have to show id
What do u need for identification verification?
what forms of id should i use for verification?
What are the steps for the identity checks?
What ID do I need to verify my identity?
how do i complete the ID check?
How do u check if i am real?
what documents do i need for the identity check?
what do I use to prove my identity?
what do u need for id verification?
what type of docs do i need for the identity check?
what kinds of ID are accepted for?
what's needed for id verification?
what documents do i need to check who i am
Which countries are you available in?
where are you cards supported?
how do i get a card if i live in the US?
Please list the countries you support.
are these cards avaible in europe?
if i live outside of the uk am i still eligible for a card?
Can I get a card in the EU?
Can I use my card in Austria?
Do you have to be in the UK to get a card?
Can I use this all over the world?
I live in the US Can i get a card?
do you provide cards to people not in the UK?
what countries are you in?
and in which countries does your service work in?
what countries do u do business in?
what countries can i use an account from?
can you mailed the card to Europe??
Who gets the support??
i live in portugal do you operate here?
I live in the EU Can I get a card?
What countries do your accounts send and receive to?
How do I get a card in the EU?
How does US resident get a new card?
can u tell me the countries ur in?
as far as courtries go, which ones r supported?
i live in the eu and can i get one of ur cards
can i get a card if i live in usa?
What countries do you do BS?
or where are you currently around the world?
Which countries do you work in?
which countries are supported??
is this open to residents of all countries?
can u get one of ur cards in eu?
do u live in another country?
I'm not in the UK but can I still get a card?
can usa residents get a card?
what countries can I use my account in?
What countries are you available in?
Can a US person get a card?
are your cards supported in the EU?
Are cards issued to people living in the US?
is ur app working in what countries
Any chance of getting the card out of the UK?
Which countries do you work with?
i would like to know the countries you offer services in?
CAN I GET A CARD IN THE US?
Can I get support?
I dont live in the UK can I still get a card?
can you give me some information about what countries do you support?
Can i use it outside of Europe?
Can i apply for one of your cards if i live in the EU?
can i get a card if i live in the us?
What countries do your services support?
but are there any cards for people outside of uk?
do u do business in eu?
can you get a card outside the uk?
I live in Germany...is that one of your countries?What else are you in?
what ur countries u have offices in.
How do I sign up for a card if I am in America?
will my new card work besides eu?
Is it possible to get a card when i'm not in the UK?
Can I get a card if I don't live in the UK?
if i don't live in the UK can i get a card?
can i use it in any country?
What countries are you giving out cards for?
i live in the u.s. CAN I GET A CARD
i want to get ur card in EU is that possible?
do you offer cards for those in other countries?
I live in the US but I want a card though
i live in the us but i want a card
are there any country restrictions?
How do I find out which countries you service and which countries you don't?
what countries can i use my card in?
what countries can i use your services in?
i live in the EU can i order one of your cards?
where can i get a card in the EU?
and can i get a card that works in other countries such as africa and indonesia?
are you available in my country?
How many countries do you work in?
Are you only able to get a card if you're in the UK?
Which countries do you support?
how do I know which countries u are serving?
if i live in the u.s. just how do i get a card
What country can have this service?
i live in america but i would like a card
do you issue cards for someone living in the us?
is this card available to the americans??
Can I get a card even if I'm not in the UK
can I still get a card if i dont live in the uk?
in the eu is there one where u cant get this card in the mail?
i'm not in the UK but can i still get a card?
What are the countries where I can get a card?
could some1 in the us have a card?
Can i have a card even if I don't live in the UK?
which countries do you operate in?
i want to get a card but i live in the us
What supported countries are yours?
oh, where do you have locations at
do you support countries other than mine?
do you support all countries??
tell me ya which countries your support?
i live in the EU, can i get one of your cards?
Can an american resident apply to get a card?
what countries can i use the card in?
I need a new card and I live in the US
Supported countries
What are the countries you support
which countries are you in?
where in europe can i get a card?
i'm in eu,can i get one of your cards???
i live in the uk can i get a card?
I NEED TO GET A CARD, BUT I LIVE IN THE US
i'm not in uk can i get a card?
which countries do you support right now?
can you get one of your cards in the eu?
I want a card, but i'm not in UKcan I still get one?
Are your cards available in the EU?
I'm in the EU, can I get one of your cards?
is this card open to US residents?
can i use it all over the world?
Do you work in Greece?
what countries do your accounts support?
I live in the US and i want to get a card.how do i go about getting one?
i just moved to the US how do i get a card
and in what countries do u provide support?
what countries are you supporting?
What countries are getting support?
cards on offer in eu?
What are the countries represented?
